You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more reading in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress myself as a farmer or with leather clothes, and nobody has ever chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and experts.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that was falling in some place.
You just have to turn the apple back into the apple to see it as an expert.
That's a circle of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bobbio.
It's the complicated kind of circle I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stanford, Ohio.
They were beaten to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I received a phone call of that teacher, Mrs. Post he said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we never get to meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to get away with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, OK.
We went to see, we were laughing, we cry, and we realized she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we put it, and we take care of it, and we got rid of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a conventional box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed out, it had become a circle -- and that expert that I told you about became present in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs to -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first teeth.
I was astronomerated.
My heart rate -- I was made, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
The terrorists around me was about 60 meters, almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think that I was a story of snow on another company in a year after year after year.
The petals are born when they fall out of the glaciers or the ice barrier beers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refuse to send up and stand up to the end, while others can't support it more and fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a terror, that they're isolated apart and alone, as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a terror melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is being released water water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I dare to photograph these petals as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments, there are like that and won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they're deadly -- it's not an end, but a continuation of its path for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the photosynthesis that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a photo I photographed in Kespatheast, Grandpa.
It is a little bit often coming to be able to get a noisy turb.
You have it.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the terror and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts routing, the ship has moved to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a iceberg of Grandpamer, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them growing a baby.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stay too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
They both learn and start life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my dry activity I will fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of the anatomy story.
I am a historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people approached the anatomy -- that of human bodies and animals -- how they've considered body fluid, the idea of the body -- what have you thought about the body.
The other role that I want to do in my work is the activist of activist -- or as I say sometimes -- impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working, for example, with systemic twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with self-relatives, people much lower than average.
And I've been working with a lot of people with advanced sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit into the male scales and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it intellectual.
The self adopted a lot of shapes.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that is not encountered in the male or male forms of the female or female form.
For example, it's the case of the individual with chemical base XC whose SR.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks from testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When it's born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not to the puberty, when it's growing and developing the bears, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing that, you realize that instead of having ovarian and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you might think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women like men, we have in the body something called surface glasses.
They're on the back of the body.
Surveillance glands produce angers, mass mass.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know his chemical structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to angers.
We produce angers and we respond to the angers.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the angers that the woman who was born with the self-related sensors to the angerers.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the interesting are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they're going to see, he had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and I just discovered that he had sheep and therapy.
He had an extreme way of a disease known as a controlled supermarket horizon.
He had 20th chromosomes and the uterus the surface glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were marked, their brain was exposed to the typical male component that was extended.
It was born with a little bit of a child, nobody suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal mentality, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman inside the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interactive.
Some people with chair chromosomes develop what's known as oil, which is to say, they have virtual tissue wrapped in the textile tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many seconds of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies --  -- are stamps, symmetrical twins, or interestingly, they are taken to normal surgeries not to be able to rely on a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that they take a number of surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black means to say a African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people inside a body.
The most obvious case is last year with the South African Corrupt Saudi African corridor, and it was put in trial for trial in the Berlin International Games.
A lot of journalists called to wonder, "What are you going to do to determine whether Carden Semero is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there isn't such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does not bring a line between men and women or between men and international men and international women, we are us who we plot that line.
So what we have is a situation where the science goes forward, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were standard anatomical categories that are directly correlated with stable identical categories -- are much more spread than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we get in a rough terrain.
So let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do with the fact that we will be able to differentiate from them in just a few nuclear nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simple categories we have are probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the terms of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment when a body becomes human and has different rights to the pictures.
There are arguments that are very busy today -- maybe not in public -- but I know in medicine -- it turns out when someone considers death.
Our ancestors never had to visit them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As long as they put a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved they still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And, as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma of actually determining somebody's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories in the past.
And you may think that this chart explosion could make someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
And I would think these categories are much more unstable.
Tennis from the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a administrator of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexual, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found every so much of that music, could be about 1778 and not for music, which is totally passed.
That's why it happened in 1778 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first anti-in activists and explains them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as everybody remember, what our parents were rejected was the idea of the monkey. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy of the anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth rights.
They had the concept of blood blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was coming from the blood right by the brain right by the father to the father and then the child, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it for a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They took the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustrate system where two things were being generated.
It was managing democracy and at the same time as science.
And it remains very clear, if we look at the history of the parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were dealing with sustainable explanations and so they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power transmitted by the pathway of a birth right idea.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were tracking the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And in doing so, they were sitting in the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women produced.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Austrian Trek Carlf, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the rows of Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, color people that appeal to the anatomical coincidence over the anatomical difference and, again, they brought up.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the controls, we have to start asking us why we keep certain dinosaurs.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divided in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should sell ourselves to the anatomy of the anatomy there.
I don't want to say that the five-year-old kids were allowed to have sex and marriage relationships.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and that I think we should maintain it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why are they keeping them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beautiful beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- July 1, 1980.
Henry in the contrary, was born in terms of March 1 in 1980.
For the fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other roles in relation to their rights.
Henry in virtue of being considered man -- while I didn't tell you if it's XK: In virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory engineer that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary on your part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still feel anatomic categories that in several ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science goes so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a decompositive democracy in the anatomy could deliver?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time, I feel like science gets stuck.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome and a woman.
Now, in practice they don't do criminal exams.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the seduction syndrome to the angers.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have a solution for a solution.
It says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do people judge the content of their character?
I want to point out as well that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people right to people, because I have to admit that I know about some of the relatives that are probably going to deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers I know can make more informed decisions, smart and modules about their sexual relations than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic religion.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this current thinking relative to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex change, in which case it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had made light twin twins in order to separate them up, and then to increase their fame.
But when the phone asked the operation, it was a very risky operation -- he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very abused and therefore I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum.
America offers enormous possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to conclude, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic populations, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
For years ago, since I've been interested in the intersection, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about the subtle studies is that women, on average, not everyone, but on average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in grad school, one of my killers who knew that I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist -- like -- I got a strange plant.
"Tell me what the feminist has from female."
And I thought, "It's the dumbest question I've heard.
Feminism has to do with taking the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing feminine in the female.
But the more I thought about his question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something feminine in the family.
I mean, there might be something -- on average, something different between the female brain and the male.
So if the parents were very encouraged to find a way to protect people on the part of the state, it's possible that if you had more mothers in this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the receptor support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy -- think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents, to attract new residents, to attract new residents, to attract new residents, to attract new residents, to attract new residents, to attract new residents, to attract new residents, to attract
Well, right now, we are far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily give the world two, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace it for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were property and that the other half would still be missing to make it.
You could try to increase the ability making amplifies in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the motorizations and the distribution distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to make all those amplifies.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the norms of that place facilitate the building instead of putting them wrong.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 volunteers would come from their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lucky was addressed with a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked eighth to be his boss of government.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDx.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the state of its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules, like those norms that say that you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much technologies to be progressed, and it's usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with the TED.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me me.
They said, "Let's preserve this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room from a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- look at the land that, in some cases, is worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Scott said, "Dad, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a cultural city is a place where it starts with propellers and a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or live under those norms.
So the president of Hongs called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country.
I was asked to go to Tasama and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Deneropyle, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Deneros.
This airport only covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the hormones that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everybody clapping.
The faces of the public were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have it here in my computer."
So I sat and showed the TED.
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go to be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the London government leaders would need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the norms of the stadium, so that they could all trust that the status effectively completes.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily leave about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to expand their constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow these special regions of development.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, voting in Congress to favor this constitutional training was 144 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, the recovery.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
On February 17, again in another vote, from 111 to one.
Immediately after the voting vote, 21 to February 24, a design of about 30 holes went to both places in the world that are more interested in engaging in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new new city center that is building in South Korea -- it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years with the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the time it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing his Supreme Court to be the state-of-the-art court for this new criminal system.
There are urban planners and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are lots of companies that would like to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a burning zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change the other place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to go and get a job, sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
So sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honeynops?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insist for the families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honor friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my valley.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, sell, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suit arrossable and colorful and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second piece of thumb markets and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guard in the environment and my bill.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying becomes my personal search for tears.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it from my string?
Would I like the color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my valley issue, I want to tell you what I packaged for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone to have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of clothes, and nothing else.
The interior clothes for exactly a week is everything I've put in my Valley.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks at TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you right now for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that I believe it or not, I have learned in this adventure.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called brilliant tracking.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost see a phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket, cost me 50, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're looking at a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Teacher: The integration is surrounded.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate myself.
Just yourself.
If you roll out of the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microsoft" markets: So you get the little boy in the child.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the designers, or I remember your little age of seven years.
I like to suggest to you and say, "Thank you."
J: The trust is key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
You see, universal truth six words for you: the pink lentils go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, developing a personal and unique style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approached this week simply by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
And obviously this is not going to go into my little walk.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some certain things.
I don't need to show you emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant showing me, if there's a little love in my heart and search for me.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the altitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes, but I think for most of the images of this audience, their brain is something that -- with a great altitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they are extremely exceptional.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, who just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need very intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We have to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always fell down.
But I bet that the play with that parking bar was taught a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them, and they remain in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a particle either.
But it didn't really fit to my logical parts.
Because if everything is made out of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanical mechanical?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical superconducting.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to broaden it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good good approach to the little metal coral coral.
What we see is a little piece of metal and a match of the prototype and that will be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this break with a native amount of swimming, which is underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I am in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens on top and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all of the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we spread all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, it was vibrating -- and the way that I was vibrating was like a breath like this -- as a fundamental stream that stretches and contract.
And when I gave you a soft store, we were able to make it live and not beat at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant thing and doesn't beat at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain points when those are silly.
In the rest of time they are fitted.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all of the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth on a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part of the one.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you play your consciousness if your body was located in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we found the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects on the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months and so on.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did it.
I think my own story is explained simply in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've been carrying from their launch.
So simply we go to Google.
Look around all the museums that you have.
There's the Alpha Gallery, the MoMA, the Emily, the Rumbark, the Van Gandhi.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the New York Museum of art.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and soap, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and you're fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the flat up, and with one click on the top, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep forward. They are sitting."
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Shoppers of Pennsylvan Brown in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign 1 sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click out there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data data.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click out here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this picture, for example, contains it, I think, about 10 million pixels of pieces.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get to 10 million pipes of pipes?"
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pixels in it.
It can make a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wish to depress.
So I began to play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I did a little bit of research, I talked to some people in the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "Please] "Seature," which is to hit an eye with a stick with a street from Carnegie.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, so you'll really see what you are.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump into MoMA in New York.
Here another one of my favorite, "The night started."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the penguins?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this teacher work?
It goes up and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night started: I think I'd never seen it so that before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really great part. It's called Colleges.
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manual, that gives you the same.
You can online, create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of Tom," we just made a pump around it.
It's about "The Empathy Indian Gallery in London.
You can tell you things, send your friends to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you get these teachers in.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, I will make justice to your artwork of art, and it's represented directly online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think about it is a pipped, a flying pipeline.
We call it sensitive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting in the careers of Franketies 1 in the last two decades.
He does some time ago, if you wanted to win a Frankengar one, and I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering would be called real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an across.
Today what's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics to come.
They're becoming computer computers.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
And it is a big thing.
As a note that I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption, and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these skills and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Atlanta to late Mount Mountain, during the summer.
It's called "The Talk "Tell me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and acts.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Milo Angeles.
You know, when Mike angel sculpted the Moses -- he said that at the end took the hammer and I threw it up to the Moses -- you can still see a little machine underneath it, and he said screaming, "Did you not spend part?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and action.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the end.
And anyway, at the end of the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day by looking at activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collazine in the middle and the Turkey River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early evening there are people over here and there making call, moving around.
It starts the party -- silence.
Gulf de France. Gallery from Italy.
Englassive, people make a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the rule time.
First additional time.
Zimba, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah!
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went into the center at the center of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachusetts, where, since the Roman time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but of things we use and consume them.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its despair by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of them would throw out.
Then we put a little chip, a tag table, to the trash and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
Participate from Seattle.
After a week.
And with this information we realized that there are many benefits in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
There's complicated things happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw out doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we add one day is still there.
And if we show that to people, then we can promote some change of behavior.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Space Biomence, could tell us much more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zacaro.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can the new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- to imagine that they have a coathest and valves and solar valves that open and shut down.
It's created as a corruption of water, with water pilots.
If you fall out the pixels you can write in them, to show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell Allan.
I liked it.
And it triggered a commission to design the building to the entrance of the explosion.
We call it Palent Diego Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you go on to open up so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salaries, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
That day there will always be somebody, in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "You shake the building."
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it comes down almost all architecture it disappears.
This is in work.
You see people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not get me to try and try the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the Children's children came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept making cortex and water holes, and you had to jump to not get wet.
(Dolphin noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of how people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
It's kind of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what change is light, not the position of pipes.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could have a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles.
This is the true controlled Flickr -- going down to the bottom to form a V, like before.
When the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boltzmann, one of the world's best ballet dancers today, the New York City star and the Millenn School -- to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entry to the Florida.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can turn all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible input for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called La Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of cloud clouds, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to give them a little bit for a pipped.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, as knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud they're piles.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pipelines.
You can move inside the inside, having different experiences.
You can see it from the bottom, to be able to share the main moments of the 2011 Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital piece at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone to go to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, be stronger to be more stressful.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who were always more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
Audience: creativity. creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
A few, it was probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many would you choose the memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something like this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it possibly be possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the view of a doctor about it.
The great generation of the 20th century, T. Today, Todo, who was also involved in the Church Russian Church, wrote a called "The Now "That "Sense in biology makes sense of the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Is it referring to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an end, is, of course, the one that interests us.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the background there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homosexual.
Some of them have gone and turn.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we're very far away from other parts of this tree in life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can take advantage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein -- chemically individual, that comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Damase makes you what the automatic are -- think about bacteria ...
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very copyright.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that you can want no effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some forced water to the room.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast synchrony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, like one and only companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk so I hope they enjoyed it.
When I was just going to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the universal organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome happens, the rest of the body becomes pretty pretty cool.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to talk to you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex -- death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Bureau, who still acted in Las Vegas in their 90s, in their 90s, in the years.
And one night, somebody hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him you find a magnificent light dancing dance.
And he looks at it and he says, "Come on a sex soup.
"Okay, he says George says, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation -- adapting and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, and I are like reference rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that the Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality.
I want to make it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria are going to be able to survive the heat of the supermarkets that would produce, if there were fish there, fish compared to the cow, yet you've managed to make that a selfish environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reason would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been described and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have contributed our environment to adapt to us as well as we were adapt to it.
And by the way, we mimic, and we engaged so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to make evolution happen.
A second possibility is that a traditional kind of evolution is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution are transplantation, but they're unexpected.
And in the water instant: when as a species we connect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- anti-in possibility.
It's called the neurology, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more viruses than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and family level.
Think as well that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of its destruction, but in its own body to make the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the replication?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years old.
It cost 2.7 million dollars.
The next year of having finished in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the 2000s and in a week.
It's not going to lack a lot to make the human genome be done by 1,500 and getting more and more to the scope of everyone.
You come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from them, but are going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the culture of culture in a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tabletor?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just two other little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of your desert?
And if you could change the sperm and the villages, or change the recent flight and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, remove the hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also embrace super-properly super-properly, better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance.
Why not live longer?
This is going to be absorber.
And when we are in conditions of going through this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes we wanted to make the evolution of before the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more thoughtful considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more unified or more robust, and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions consciously?
For good or for wrong, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor by making a classroom, clock, class.
Class, click, click, click, sound sound.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting on the 11.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot aliens the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It took the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then I said three words.
The three more passionate words I've heard.
He said, "Persigness for the impact."
I didn't have to talk about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't, all the ones I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is, "Completely wine comes."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'll open it.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the George Washington Bridge that wasn't much -- I thought, wow, I really feel a big wished.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity also gives my ego to me.
And I regret the time that he wasted in things that didn't matter with people who did matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I'm no longer trying to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock goes down, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approved.
I'm saying, "Please go fly."
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of Wow, Wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness was in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in an action of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --                                               
And for me, that was the whole reason of being the world.
At that point, I understood that by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle -- not die that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live differently.
You are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please not be like that, but imagine and how do you change?
What do you do, they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can get?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graphs in the '80s.
One day he came to her house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a store in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
The TED today has a total paralysis, right?
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation company, so obviously, the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to move to Tony, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met with his brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that I saw Stephen Hawking -- not all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?"
And he said, "No, unless you be an important one, you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?"
Anyone to see the movie "A School and the marijuana?"
They communicate in that way -- they are marching with the finger.
I said, "That's architect. How can it be?"
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed up a company that had no idea how he was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there in that precise moment, "All right, this is the deal. Tony is going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back and make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their inner can't communicate it."
So I spoke in a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP Research Lab," who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser point, draw about that and record negative space.
So go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, are part of a life cycle.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot moving things from one side to another we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the insurance companies and we got a machine that TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun -- I call him Your elbow because when I talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- literally from all the corners of the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and consumers and contacts took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we went back to the walls of the walls and instead there would be graffiti there.
But for two weeks, we were programming, we went to the shipping of Venice, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Edward School, and you can see the description of it.
It's a couple of characters of cheap sun that we bought in the San Beach password -- some copper wire and Home Department and Radio Shakespeare.
We take a PCI camera, we open it open, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it makes you -- we publish the free code -- the software goes down.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that I can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much that was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's their room.
There was all this bureaucratic and a bird during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense seasons from all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture, because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a part of the parking park outside.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what was the feeling in the parking thing.
The funny thing was that we had to dive in the parking so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue and pull me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
And so that's our War stripe.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and faster.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free -- none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best invention of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year in the Republic of MOOC at the center of Los Angeles, there is going to be an exhibition called Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the Chairs" is going to have the best expansion of urban urban art, Shakespeare Fall, CAPTCHAs -- all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: If you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Charleying, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and I teamed up with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel that we need to do. If it's not now, when. And if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years by giving you very difficult situations and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to prison hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
Fill in zones of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this just -- fun to the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive attractive, interesting issues, and hopefully analyze them in a way that will look interested and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk over the world of brands and the password I wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took an airplane in Eben.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk.
What was the next thing was this: "The Stone Studio North present, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and depending on the face, especially if I put it in the face of you or your company to do it.
But said this, it's a very good media chance.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell them with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been involved in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could be prepared -- nothing could be addressed, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Supermarket, I want to make a film that tries from the product company, the marketing and the advertising, and that all the film is funded with processing and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call the largest film ever sold ever sell."
What happens in "The largest stuff ever sold is that everything from top down to the bottom, first of all, has a brand images, all the time, from the support that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Calium State, the Star Center.
These people will be associated with the film to permanent.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Kansas: It's reduced. Is it what? (Music: It's reduced. Is it reversely."
I'm a redundant genetic. (Music: I just tell you. It was more for the changes.
It was "A Person. forever."
But we're not just going to have the prostitute of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure that all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and becomes the most cool shoe you've used to use.
The most cool car you've been driving in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best sketch you have drank -- the largest deal you have been drinking -- the largest film ever sell."
Richard Kibwan: The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life, to make them funding the film -- MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO will help make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Wow. However, I don't know how much people are going to be people to that.
DG: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "go an engineer is very negative, but you know how is it going to repeat? MS: No idea. David Coke: How much money does you need to do this?
MS: One and a half million -- (CA: All right! John Kame" -- I think it's going to be difficult with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
JS: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see a lot of joyful languages.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stephen Rude" -- most answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, because of the film or for being me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Music: Okay.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah. (Music: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. MA: Okay.
MS: I thought he stopped the camera -- it meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies actually disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, making so many people saw it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea of telling that new worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a grain error and that mistake was this.
Actually, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for transparent images in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like to roll up, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: the transparency free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understood -- that is characterized by visualizing or information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it really change.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that rare bear that is still robust.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
You'll eat an entire cup of Cookie White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and to tell you we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
You see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Nikoland of many years -- I realized I would have to go through my mind, I would have to take away in the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to realize suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to engage the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, big, giant films and others who make small films, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant to say that the reason their movies have so much success is because of the search marks that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, Hollywood movie movies?
And the film is called "The largest Move I ever sold sold."
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie?
Every time I get out, every time I open my back, you'll see the desk Bang.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you fine for this interview?
You're ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there was one of these fabulous shadows.
So much Florida as "Veros "Sealles" are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for a man for a woman, solid, to golf -- in bar.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a previous look.
Karen Franklin: We're a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies you said, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands.
So do things like that, you know, remembering them Bang to people is why this interest us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Ban?
Ban is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: top.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the airplane.
Man: We talk about something audacious and cool.
I think it's a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the suburb."
It keeps you fresh.
How do you stay free more time? With better submarine, more spines, three times cheaper.
Things like those who are restricting benefits.
MS: And that's a multinational company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to you about the man of the street, the people like me, to the common Pearlings.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your shirt?
Man: Show my ship?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: Investment the '80s, potential potato unless it's a washing day.
MS: Okay, what is the Green Mark?
Egg: Something unique. MA: ("Oly" -- I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, many gray and things like that.
Usually I wear access as the sun glasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classical conversation," Mercedes Bender.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it calorization flight."
Woman 2: In part of a hippie part, in part of a piece of picture, in part of Brazil, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of players.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federage because I deliver the market.
Man 5: March Carlinance Mars failed.
Is that anything?
Adult: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify the intersection of dark glamour.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "produced perspective."
And I found a company called Old Zalanda in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New, February, Hall to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Adult: Do the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings like that.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are original and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next thing you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I wanted to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why is that?
What's the male? What phase you find now?
Why is it important to recover? What's the red one?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have you have?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Actor. (CA: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, (M.: Great work." A, yeah. (M.: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Linda Zalanimi: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex, in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan Supermas is a conscious brand.
They violate very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not sure -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them caused and you get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are you like this?
The first here is classic classical -- Apple.
And you can see it also here to Park, Wikipedia, Minnesota.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come but a conscious brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A conscious brand. What's your ship?
If someone asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand, what would it be?
Are you an attachment attraction." Are you somebody who makes blood flow.
Or are you rather a descending attractive?
A little bit more calm, researcher, conservative?"
The attachment attributes are like being legal to be fresh like Princeton, contemporary and adventurous or advanced or bold like Errocrean Florider, fast or white, professional, dominant, mathematician like Gandhi.
Or are you more about descending attractive?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 1973?
Are you stable, traditional provider, provider, protection." Do you identify with Opera?
Are you confident, stable, familiar, confident, safe, sponge, control or wise like the Dalai Lama or Your YouTube.
In the course of this movie we had over 500 companies, associated and deceptive, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the end product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing for movies.
We went to St. Paulo where they have banned the advertisement to the open.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no components, no posters, no flying, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with license problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or that I've been more successful are those where I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands.
They took the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how do you go? Did they have success?
Well, since the movie is set in the Seduction of Santa, let's take a look.
According to Burnish film in January, and since then, -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million print print in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's only online -- no press or TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in standard.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk about would advise their clients not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think when you get to the people that are pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the aversion at the risk is preparing all your company to get a reward.
I feel that what has to happen to happen is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of opportunities they can take them.
Ultimately, move forward, I think we have to give them a fear of fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open fear. We open the risk.
From one screen at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we have to bring the transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Are "Terrorist has been presented by my good friends from MIT who by 7,000 bought the rights of the name in Ebed.
HC: Becoming great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
DEC says, "We addressed the Transparency."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Moralia, on behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 7:30?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the name of the TED matrix, the Sahara Foundation, a $1,000 to be applied to my TED assistance.
The idea behind the Staticula computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the United Nations endless plant.
The gray boxes that you see are actually control systems in real time.
If we are able to engage these systems that control speed and valves -- we can cause a lot of problems with center.
Grandma boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows installation.
The open eye in the gray box, damage the center, and the nuclear nuclear program is demonstrated.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started researching about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windowen part of Windows: the installation used multiple dancers of dance.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stanford, and we saw what happened with this.
So there were very strange things.
Stanford was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- waves, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely directed."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stanford does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal.
So we went out and we took the attack code, and we discovered that he was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very deeply by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator happens.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the institute of Stanford is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attacks.
We're talking about about 15,000 pounds of code.
It looks pretty much like old local language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system functions because we know what they do.
And then we looked for technologies and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with the potential world potential of the real world.
We need theories about destructions that we can thrive or describe.
In order to get to theories of goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent suspender, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infections have been reported by the time.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the National National National Service.
So I said to my assistant, "Take a list of all the experts in centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to get their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
The rotate is that mobile part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this rode, you can certainly break it up and even make the centrifuge.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and depressing in an obvious effort for getting crazy to the maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital eye looking very closely at the data and their structures.
So for example, number 146 percent in that code, you can't be obvious.
I started investigating scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nathan and found that they're structured in what's called a castle, and every waterfall contains 140 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These censors in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
Very identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there was no wonders) It wasn't like that.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up with no exit and we had to start again.
And yet, we discovered that both digital oxygens were pointing to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall and making the rotate and raise them and the big eye communicates with six stars and manipulating tubes.
In addition, we're very confident that we have determined what the destination.
It's Nathan, and it's just Nathan.
We shouldn't worry about other goals being achieved by Stanford.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors for example, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which is still running during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake entry data are asked by Stanford.
It's kind of like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed out of the programmer.
Is it great here?
And the idea here is obviously not only to guide the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and more aggressive and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is happening, you have to open up spinal valves in a millennium.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to them, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operating systems and the security system will notice it.
That scares it.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to see, specifically with centers, with uranium endless.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generous.
And you don't have a lot of attacker, which will determine this charge with a USB key, as we saw in Stanford case.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
Disease it as possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up with is a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rapan, has been done in many sides that people assume the Mosca is the main thing behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Lanka: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Mose is involved, but the engine is not Israeli."
The engine behind this is cyber support.
There's one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, lucky.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you, fast. Thank you, Rapan.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you submarine abilities, or another one that makes users of wheelchair users get up, and they walk back.
In Berkeley Bionics," we call these robots, extensions.
They're not different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a big force that will also increase your speed, and help you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other outside people.
This is not an international idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on we start talking about the American soldier that on average, it has to take over your back a 45 pounds, and it's going to get even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to connect this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hulley -- or Paragasha Carnegie Carolinates.
Soldier: With the Hulley exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds by variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put in clips to drag and execute movements with great agriculture.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my force and my resistance.
Ethiopia Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the face of wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging it maters rapidly.
Their only option, a lot of times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so much like this for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the EGO that is using Amanda Book who is 19 years ago had a lesion in the spine column, and as a result couldn't go back to walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Box: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EGO, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crowds that send signals to the edge computer, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give power to the motors in the hip, and on the knees, and they make it advance with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing down the bottom was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sensation and everything moving from the penguins down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Look, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I was stealing up to the last ounce of hope of my self.
And the technology technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to slow down the bottom of the stream in the skin, climbing rocks and even riding in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but American, and all the wheelchair users to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Armed Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've made too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the Bonobos are the least understood of the great apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a paradox. A land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same television -- stage of a violent conflict that has grown up for decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War I.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo surveillance.
The meat meat trade and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the laughter hidden by the trees.
Who are these prime?
We know them as the apes make love, not war, because they have frequent sex and promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobos is more than the Samari Sam.
Bonobos like humans, like humans, love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and fight tolerance and food.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game sees the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild environment.
First of all, it's a banana style game, and I don't talk about football
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persistence.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got it out of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as much in Bonobos as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the telescopes, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is policy.
Play is political, it can adopt many forms, some of which are more transplant, imaginative -- maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Fullam, a young female who's playing with water.
I think that we sometimes play alone, and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact. And then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our communities of adaptation.
To adapt success to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take advantage of our game capacity.
The game is not free.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and deliberately.
When it looks at least appropriate to play, it can be the moments that it is the most urgent thing.
For that, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, combat fires as a captain of captain in a voluntary fire body.
And, in our city, where volunteers feed a highly skilled staff you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of go.
But there was still a race standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was completely confused in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in a full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradigm, in pipeline, down while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I just got before I was before me, let's call it Lake Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog owner of the house.
The dog, I was so clean."
There was a lawyer or money of money who, for the rest of his life, would have to tell people who went into a building in calls to save a living being just because I won five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an admirer.
He said, "But I need to go back to the house.
I need you to climb up, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the recent firefighters that had been more or less finished to turn the fire and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back down the staircase where I met my Neithers and the precious dog on the main door.
We took out of the house the testosterone owner where, as it was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of the house by watching the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she watched over the other was that somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
Both in my vote in Robin Howard as my voice as a volunteer firefly -- I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of fat and courage acts at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved them, or they are for achieving remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining room, they cleaned up a neighborhood park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they train the game -- they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, go back.
Mark Bellimers: Thank you.
This may seem strange but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1886 with a very simple idea: cement modules from a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than we, as buildings or bridges -- one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LED came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly labor.
And in a few years, LED bricks.
It's estimated that they have made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic blood stripes to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block -- the transistor allows the transistor to create much greater circuits and more complex, one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are researched to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Littles.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little things are electronic modules each one with a specific function.
They're wired to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that it gets together through magnets together.
So you can't get it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the row, the blue is the current, the pink is the comment, and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so forth.
If we change the button by a pulse module that is here, and now we have an intellectual light.
We added this team to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, liberals are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldiers, allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower. You just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or faster.
The idea behind Little Little is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to ready legs to use.
Louvals, sound, solar panels -- everything needs to be accessible.
We've given liters to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how one light works, or why the door of a elevator is kept open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We also have led to design schools.
So for example, designers with no experience in electronics start playing with elites like a material.
So here you can see, with paper bottles and fish, we have George creating.
(Music sound --  -- a few weeks ago we brought Legos to the Rhode Island School designers that don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a content of conference active for motion.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a logist made of plant that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, liberals became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be in the grasp of all.
For that, liberals have open source.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and manufacture it.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is seeking to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can go better -- we can continue to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, do you have the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they determine, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Country for America and would be like a few peace bodies for technologists.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the movies.
Instead of sending them to the Third world, we send them into the wild, municipal world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They know it.
This is a fire from the city of Boston.
This is what it looks like if I would look for a quote, but what really looks for is that someone clean it up when you get caught by the snow because he knows it's not very good at pulling fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask aid in this silent way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of "Country for America.
They were there in February and at that time it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never made these hypothesis.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it when it nevers.
When you do that, you put a name in this case, he put it.
If you don't do it, someone can work.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government gets done.
And it spreads into viral form.
A responsible system from the city of Honor when we saw this application realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami seals.
It's very important that these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why they ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go down the department desert.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to register to clean sidewalks when they were never.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit about government technology you know that this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then we were told to have done it by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in California judicial power that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an application that is programmed in a couple of days, and it spreads in viral shape is a kind of adding risk to the institution of government.
It suggests the best way to work, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an adaptable institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good at the collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "Country for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel great frustration before that, but they don't complain it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at DIMA, and all those other things that put us crazy -- the government is, essentially, in Tim Riverse, what we do together because we can't only can."
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to pick it up, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government yes.
And because the government ultimately comes to us -- remember that from "we," the power? The way to think about it will affect the way that we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to be able to take care for them.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about arrangements.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that the call calls if you make 711 in America.
Scott taught this call.
Inded Zarabith in the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open up the doors of the house, put out a strong music and see if you leave.
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the arrests.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone, called "Special Connecticut."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New York Medical Mechanical American.
One day, this really happened, comes this one: "Archely in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I get it?"
The dynamics of Stephen Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Scielo Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I was approaching the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zagazian? Yes. Living? Yes.
I turned the cube. I went home.
Good evening, salty short."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology of platform technology.
I talk about a platform for people to support and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to government services of being necessary but neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we lose communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think that one is the other one.
That our entrance to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and our satisfaction our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the supermarket layer of 15 cents.
Unfortunately, it's what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that bias that keeps us that belongs to us that we fund as something that is operating in our view, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we'll have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Spanish movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the sense of the Schizon Similar Valentine, about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activist.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it's time we asked ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all of us?
We can't be able to preserve government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of the government so that it can expand by forcing civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act by drawing, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regions, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who's going to talk about.
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you deal with the problem of government don't care much about making their voices heard.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking males, dumping a garbage cube that has an increase inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hypothesis and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers, not just government consumers that pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that; we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a volunteer of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prison, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stars have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
So here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but it is carefully, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional home of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in the family discussion.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he looked at the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving too.
When I was little and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then blow up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came back and said, "Boy, you still feel my airplane?
And if I told him no, I would grab myself again, and if I said yes, I left me in peace.
It had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest than 10.
Sometimes when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room and there was all my cousins running out.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the beginning, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up the room, and he took me out of my hand and said, "You see Brooklyn. The two are going to converge."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Boy, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mame."
She said, "Now I say you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at me."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promote three things, Brown."
I said, "Seriously, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is that you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that always the careers."
Like I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I will."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you'll always do the right thing -- although the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want me to promise is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I will."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I pulled it, grabbed me to my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just did the madness of always doing.
He took a beer supply, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer."
I said, "No." I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a beer."
And I shook my gaze with force and said, "Oh, not being that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mame."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "May tell all the grandchildren that are special.
I was destinating.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this will be spread very much.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtual virtue: I say it for the power of identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others who really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe power to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been ready during the protein.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to engage it.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In the United States, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much desert, so much despair.
One in three black black in the 18 and 30 years is in prison or conditional freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all young color are in prison or parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, also about poverty.
In this country, we have a justice system that is much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not cultural, but wealth what the results are.
And we seem to feel very strong.
The policy of fear and the foundation makes us believe that these are not our own.
We're deceptively.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you from rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 36 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it for the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before they would take the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it sits to 13-year-old children to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility of coming out ever.
Right now we are in the process of some liters.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
So in a sense, have been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the crimes committed?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in the United States is defined by error.
In every nine people, they have identified one that is innocent that it's extensively extended and released from death.
A rainforest rate, amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to be able to never plant airplanes if every nine who would wake up, you would have to start.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being linked.
I worried to be bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks -- you make speeches -- I tell the people who stop saying that in our history we read for the first time with terrorism, after 1710.
They ask me to say, "No." Say we grew up with it."
The age of terrorism continued to be, obviously, with secretary and decades of race and separation and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what historically we've done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without an engagement with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done this.
I was in Germany giving lectures on the death penalty table.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know that it's good to hear what you say you."
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliciously, we would be able to run people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were in their most Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this decentralization.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are -- though, implemented.
We love innovation.
We fascinates technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are driven by suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We last talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of the complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the tasks, those who will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Even though it's so rational, so compressed with the intellectual thing.
In innovation, creativity. development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas that come from food as well as heart conversations.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only in the bright and underlying, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Health, the great chess leader talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in despair sites and being testicles."
Well, that orientation for spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think -- that still in communities like TED, it has to engage us.
There is no defendant disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exception, inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
So let's find them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer of meeting Rosa Park.
These women came together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carolina called me, to tell me, Brown, comes the Mr. Park. We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and hear it?"
I said, "Be love. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's hear it."
So I went and just heard them.
It was very virtual, very limited.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Now Brian, let me tell you this idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been conventionally convicted to them.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about the death penalty of death.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We're trying to end the mass incomes."
I gave all my best speech, and when I ended up looked at me and he said, "My mom moment moment."
And he said, "You will get exhausted, very slide."
At that time, Ms. Carol leaned up, put her finger on the face and said, "This is why you have to be very wrong."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand that every one of us is higher to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a ship.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not that it is a killer guy.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
It's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic. Very beautiful, very eliminating, very extraordinary, will not judge us by our technology, by our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not in the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged ones, but in the way they treat the poor, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel self-related -- I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of direction.
I go to prison, and I see my 13-year-old clients and 14 years old, who have been used to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge become someone who isn't it?
The judge made it as adults, but I see a child.
One night too late I was talking about thinking, by God, if the judge can become something that you are, you must have magic powers.
Yeah, Brit, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a moral.
He had a 14 years old, a little bit, poor, black.
I started working in the mosquito, with a scanner that said, "Mandaria for my 14 year-old is treated as a private white of 75 years, executive of a corporation."
In the mosquito I found that there had been an independent behavior in the performance, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line ahead of how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that insects money would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it recorded it, but he had sent it to the cutting one.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the cutting of this stupid case.
I joined the car and I felt really overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally left the car. I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a senior black man -- was the consensus of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up and he said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a labored. He said, "Is you launched?" I said yes.
And so I came up with and hug me.
And I am whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this beat money?"
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those crazy crazy.
There were the cops of the policemen fishermen, the automobiles.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of us died because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye he got to see the consensus that went and came in.
He looked out the window and he was able to hear all that free.
I kept walking over here and for there.
Finally, this old black black black, he walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge did a recession.
During the break, a self-assembly of the room was supported because the consensus had entered the room.
The attendance was passed on the old black.
He said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood up and looked at the assistant, he looked at me and he said, "I've got this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with shadow."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't truly be evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
Our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fruits of fruit, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that keeping the view in the goal with filmmaker.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help you do something.
Something that is not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several different opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum in which you will make an effort to raise the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, a billion dollars are going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty -- over the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not in arteries.
Five percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are determined to make it come up with law, to security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is this?
BP: Actually, the rate of criminal violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth of mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let us convince by the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the perpetual chain -- by stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making them return those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brown, you've been excited about today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Lois: They grow the threats for the death of Bin Laden.
Lock 2: Humbling in Somalia. London 3: The police ships painful gas.
Announcer: Carron Four: Cartoon five: London 5: Crazy more motors.
Lake six: Social Deception. Lady seven, 65 dead.
Lake Eish: Alliance of tsunami, Lock 9: Cyrocks.
A number of companies." War on the marriage. Massachus destruction. Torturner.
Reception. Bankle.
crisis. death. disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Dimitrics: These are just some of the clips that I got over the last six months, and they could literally be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to give us negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day our senses are getting a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first couple of all of that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called a storm.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Ordenance and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So for a dozen stories, we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press, "If there is blood, sells it is very true.
And because all digital devices provide us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to miss that we are pesticides.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is going to be wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe, in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction -- the shortage of water and energy. We certainly have them.
As human beings are very good at embracing problems and over the long run, we end up with them.
Let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled -- the average average per capita income per inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinet showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy who happened from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting more and higher expectations.
In fact, redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, air conditioning and cars.
The graphics barrels in the heart of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such a luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in in the information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a support of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law over the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that's -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and attachment.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop in any of the big challenges.
And although it's graph on one law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autos called infinite computing, sensors and networks -- robotics printing and their ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine and the food, digital medicine.
I mean, how many did you see the victory in "Jeopardy" from Watson from IBM:
It was picked.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I had.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opposites."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the materials of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Synthetic University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to release a company, or a product or a service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have subsequent sound.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance -- it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single room on the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it is going to get it forward.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Nancy II in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the King king.
The Nazos troops ate with plates of silver, and the same Nazizer, with gold covers.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it goes more than the gold and the dish.
For that reason, the tip of the monument to Washington is of aluminum at all.
You see, although the aluminum is 83 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's tied by oxygen and silicons.
But then the electrodes came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was delivered.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 terms of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scan, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the general generator -- 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy was 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that in the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents a military per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Remember when Carl San did the Valley Space ship to the Earth, in 1990, after the Saturn happened?
It was a famous picture. How was it called a famous picture.
"A blue dot blue."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yeah, 9/11 is saltwater, the two percent is ice, and we fought for a percent of the water on the planet, but there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes from, the naturals.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovative innovators -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, and his technology called Schroad -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water to the day of any source -- sale water, contaminated water, a legal -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in the world in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation powered by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smartphone with Google, he has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
He lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of peaks -- GPS videos, the images, images of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they decode and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes up when the health applications are.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Muslim Fourth Foundation, which is called the X Millennium Trace Prize of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. can be taken, you can extract blood blood.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morality load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent workers of health.
When this device sequence an RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health care and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion increases.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the sea of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before they add to the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What would you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of trillion dollars injected in the global economy.
And more health thanks to Tradition, from a better education with the Kamen Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive healthy.
How about voices never before hearing?
What if we give those opens, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion they're going to do?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict that?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that were previously able to make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end by sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Florida.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how protein will be protected.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came out and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take great challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the break of the brilliant.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The rise of the game period.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
Maybe they believed that chasing pictures, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a very common complete.
It was the barrel.
It was lost so much to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red River of OPC.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing of special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoners.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the depression of the waist.
Because I was there in 1978 studying a lagoon in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate me.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The garage was surrounded by sticks, and as you can see, from some mangrove man.
There were the tiles of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar the black bar clip.
And the fishing of this slide was very abundant and happened for a good moment, so it was made more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They made the five cents.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of forest fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in 1960 -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fish development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Museum four.
I went out to fish on it, and we did studies in the South China Sea of the Middle China and especially in the Japanese Sea.
What we captured was something inevitable.
And now I know, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spines, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny manipulates about a few others, remains that are a coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was shot.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background of being a soft coral background, in this case, to be a legal.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They dismiss them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not holding.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to an area where they've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of part, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this is something like this.
On the axis, we have good things -- biodiversity -- amount of gold, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And at the end of keeping a few remains market.
And that, largely we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct is very fairly.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose some antiangerous animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequencies because we fish them.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the game point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect it to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present -- as they captain such as captain such as they can see a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually don't use the scientists of fish because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in instructed societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can fulfill a protected marine zone.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the game point has been running and very low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase your point of part.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle Media people, for example?
I think there are the arts and the cinema maybe you can fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation from the Copenhagen Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Copenhagen Bay 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that manufacturers and tensions are like "Airboton."
And if you think about "Air" -- if you think about why people moved with the film -- not talking about the history of Polands, why do you engage with images?
Because it drives something that, in a sense, it's lost.
So my recommendation, the only thing to give, is Cameron, doing "Allinan II: underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allan, the YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are made viruses, and what matters is that.
We all want to be stars: celebrates, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed like something very, very hard.
But today the web is making any of us or our actions, and our actions -- in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a sanitation.
You get over 48 hours of YouTube video per minute.
And, of those, only a little percentage is making it viral -- it gets infection of vision and crushed culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: Translation creators and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Berlin Van: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Oh, white!
KA: Last year, Bell Virgin published this film out of his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproductive regulators in the past summer.
Being able to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called "The Mountain Mole Bell.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmer.
Jimmy Kimmer published this technique that would cause the video to the popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmer present us new and interesting things and they divide them to a wider audience.
Rebellian Black:  It's Friday, Friday, you have to start the Friday,    Everybody wants it to be the weekend of the week, the weekend.   See, Friday --   KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Vannevers of Rebellian Bloodaglinder is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like "Accene" weaker," this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday sight?
Well, he took the Town, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Scott Science Tesla, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 sides of Vesteres on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by giving them something new with that.
Nan Cathoran is a repetitive animation with an agreement music.
That's what it is.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that is rare, you know that there is a three-year-old version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is creativity that woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were remembers.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it was international.
Suddenly, I came up with a whole memory community that made this pass from being a dumb joke to something that we all can do.
Because today we don't just enjoy it.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "A Dozer Salt Salessarian or Republic Black or "Nature Cathol?"
What was it that guided you could have written this situation?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute, just that truly unique and unexpected thing can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy who protest against the calculators in New York, I admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Nister: I was driven by not circuit for the bike, but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly by the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey New million got five million watched and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do in a creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Being Belly Venicar: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Trend creators -- creative communities, fully unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of popularity and the audience.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bible, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, just the ones of the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still being drawn.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the communist communicate in San, facing the fact that their life had been totally in gas.
The words, for so much time friends, now they will.
It got refuge in silence.
It died by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in a van, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to address, but we hold it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to advanced delivered quietly towards the sea.
My mother, Man, had just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a single task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incredible for her to do it.
And after a four years that challenged the fiction, a boat goes down into the sea sea like fishing board.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was paradigms, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a short stream.
If we were caught. First of all, we'll take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the next thing diving on every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate parts that came several times, but they were fooled.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same taste.
After three months in a refugee camp, we landed in Melonia.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Portugal, a class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants of immigrants of it.
Unlike the middle class substance, whose existence I discovered, in Portugal, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the entrepreneurial English were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, wouldn't matter what you should take off, which was usually new clothes, always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tolerates, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful faces about the "race" eyes and some graphics." (Audience: You go home.
At home, what?
Something in me was educated.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was succeeded every night, but we ran on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered his highways, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until their nightmares would start to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be a station and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, angry, and the children trained between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and paradigms.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implemented with what I was demanding from myself.
In the other, it was arrost in precise lives, tragic translated by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many got help over the years.
And because of that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected the young Australian young year.
And I was detailed from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit out.
So read, Portugal analogy, was now so Lego, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she'd never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the trusted of life in a green suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each and falling asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got on the boat.
He had never been an option.
"The "Academy" said, "And you don't be what not."
So I talked about youth and education and desertification to the marginalized and the desertified.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was solved to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living on the border of the possible.
And although I finished my freedom, I realized I couldn't stay in a lady race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly coming in, new on the scene -- and not only it's good, but it's something that I'm grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean collapsed the horizon, you can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your provider.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is deliberately, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that would not have been allowed to be allowed to be all the time.
There was an energy there, an unprecedented optimism, a rare mix of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for who the slogan cannot do -- was an artificial challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked all the way into the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved me, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when the Conflict was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life hasn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew up alone.
At 17 it became a manipulation of a Mandela whose mother hit it.
No support of his husband, he caused a review to sue it and take the cause of it, and so much more back when he won.
He can't make it wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Melon.
I looked through the shoe of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Portugal, and we sat around his advantage.
We told stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the advantage.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand warm and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"They haven't still sold it."
If there is a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, now we can see that men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easy.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a place in your lives, getting brave in every wave, the moving pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and see it safe. I would do it.
Travel Nelson, and also the mother of so is here today in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Ratan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Madd Allen.
We were convincing how nothing has changed since the age of ancient Indian expansion "The Malaway."
And in those days when the Indians wanted to travel down to a car, and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I was Bureau, the great Indian warrior war had soap, he had a bow and a slime to the ground, and he got water.
We now do the same thing with talents and machines.
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more about it.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an approach if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket plate of pocket.
And this technological piece of 50 years was to my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirate and brands in my imagination.
I had the sense that the mobile phone, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent we are.
They face our inspiration.
So I was launched by that technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing magic.
I influenced the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
To put the text together with the image, the animation and the sound and the touch.
Narrator becomes more and more multiplexing.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Kapai, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "Get your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
At several times I get a card -- the iPad, knows where I live through GPS -- that comes around me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic magic to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So here, we need to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And they really illuminate your path in what remains from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a little girl was that a whole galaxy fit in a ball.
So here, every book and every book becomes a ticket that I drag into this magic device, inside of the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book, there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up and guide you for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and a contemporary content.
These are the desires here.
We've all heard of the air and the nines, but how many people outside of India know their Indian contractors, the space?
These poor speeds have been trapped in the Indian cameras for millennia, in an old and humor book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary childhood story.
In a story that deals with current topics like the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their PC.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, taking the camera or the iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of sticks, rocks and wings and collapses.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual from the childhood -- you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A little boy in London puts a picture of a border and says, "Oh, I saw a lower."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken over.
Within the connection variations between magic and Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have to have an interaction where you come out with the iPad, and the video turned out and through augmented reality, you see a group of analog produces that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is filled with leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and replace them so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are engaged with technology and magic and technology are approaching each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Robotic University was to design a listening from the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she used a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not everyone, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia school. It's a very simple thing.
It has a spinal scan and pay off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to reach 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that I need cracker assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect my Wi-Fi school and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me, Luciffen, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chairs and together develop some recycled activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week it will be available.
This little baseline connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, taking their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to the control and the captain of their own ship, but we also can help us care for health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the costs of medicine, the depression of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we made would want to share with you with a video.
We all have a navigation control in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM cars are in Matrice.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DVD to help this patient?
We asked me, but nobody knows.
Nobody knew where to get the SETI save lives right now.
What we did was we made criteria in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DVD, please watch it, tell us where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees already showed up in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lama, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Matrice and someone collapse, they can use your iPhone, and the next weeks will use your microscope from Microsoft to find the nearest DVD, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this one, not just like DNA FDA, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we want to start at the world level.
We're responding to all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the Dead Carton around the world.
Every time they are vacation and somebody else, it can be a part or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be a message service or phone services, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in its place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed with my passion before the drawing before, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends when you press the public.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the public.
Photos like this: a building in a very transferred road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realistic.
And when I say realistic I say photography.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to be captured somehow as a photograph.
Think of the ones that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to capture an idea that by capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Are the details or the colors?
Is the light?
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
So here we have three perfectly imagination, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined somehow you can create something that is still three-dimensional -- as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process when we combine photography.
It's really going to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic. I think they're those in which we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But when you combine photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that photos combination must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the photos combined should have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these requirements -- they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was.
This is another example.
You might think that this is a picture of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulating it.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
The personal thing I think is that it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas on your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone piece.
And yes, I even did red the house at the top of the island so that it seemed more surgery.
So to make a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning for planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and very realistic at the time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please do it.
It's a diagram that I took from a capital mine.
I'm not so interested in showing the details but the general side.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the RISD microbes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this -- as many other people we tend to see, it's kind of a straight line in scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
There's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please find the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of technology that would like to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if a scientist, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a symbolic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as the microscopic magicians, tomorrow tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a recorded growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
And one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new shape.
So what I'm trying to ask is, and ask me, what is that new way that embrace the world?
What new state is the world?
Transparency seems very, very confusing if we are embedded in it.
I remember that the future was happening in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been convicted, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we got back about 2.5 million years ago when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
So if we look at the way that chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the materials from the outside and so forth.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet diets.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided out of an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every drop was a little bit different.
In fact, the drops that are somehow diagnosed in being better at the time to incorporate the chemical chemicals, they grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented by them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand all these patents they learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked on this management evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate for.
The amazing thing is, that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2.5 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that try to hide the security people in the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA clip and I amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of for all the present presents, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a standard that would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another great interesting step in which things got very different and was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they were prepared to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are lots of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that -- and they established a synergy.
That way they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were replicated more and they were lost by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities were so close to that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities from many different types of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the muscle, etc.
So these communities evolved and they were produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible for recordings, understanding and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning how to eat a certain fruit because he knew wrong and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those structures of information to the evolution of the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea in my head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few groups and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in your heads that are taking certain analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated we converted it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produced something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have started to make abstract.
We are now moving through similar periods to multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of records, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CD: Spanish mechanisms -- are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much larger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbial.
You saw the evolutionary example of the God that produced some evolution with the Communication program.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took took a billion years each.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics seems to take just a few decades.
The process is related -- I guess automation is the right word to name something that accelerate its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is familiar.
But I earned my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without recent hackers.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Tiny Machines, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't before -- it could get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it works methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We tell him, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence sequence of restaurant?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, to run all those programs, and take those of you who are more approached to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, he could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that they did the best thing?
We look at those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered by numbers.
And we will play them back by following a process of analytical reconstruction to sex.
Let's take two programs, which will grow children, who exchange submarines, and kids are holding the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It's calculating again.
It involves some mutations.
And it tries again, and it does respect with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But it turns out the commercial.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depended on making it.
Once I was in a 747 with Martin Michael and he pulled a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight -- doesn't make you feel sale?"
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much faster.
So it's related.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it looks so confused.
Because all these technologies are related.
We're spark.
And we are at an analog moment from the single-celled organisms.
We are the amounts and we can't understand what we are creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before they eliminated me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've experienced enough time to let me be part of my fake prescription in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little baseball issue.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the world -- the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's because of the room there is talking about statistics and using them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 -- a battle that was battering.
That means that balloon is exponentially battered three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game without being caught. And anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, it doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three to three attempts of 10.
You know how they call a 300 baby battle in the Great Lines?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400 baseball battle."
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 pounds, is about four.
Lego, like the Ted Williams legislatory, the last player of the Great League of baseball in running more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have an appeal and they are derived to a surgeon who has also a 400 percent record as well.
That's how it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a place in a place and a loved self has two of two organized coronary arteries and your family doctor led to a cardiologist whose record in Angrocal is 200 dollars.
But do you know something?
She's getting dramatically improving.
And their seats have been 25.2.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon, a nurse or a financial outcome."
1,000 -- very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the notes of a good surgeon, a doctor or paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I included, with the heart of being perfect.
They never, never, make a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Gold was studying until a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little wish, in the research of the General Hospital Nerves of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the air, the differential differential diagnosis and not the status.
And I even knew the difference diagnosis about how to classify the kidney turn of the kidney status.
And as it was so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And you see the school of medicine with the impression that if I memorize everything -- then I would know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because so I would enjoy mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drug Dream.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Drug lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when the emergency stop to consult a cardiologist I was playing to that patient.
and report the boss of resistance.
When I saw Mrs. Darwinian was saving.
I heard a remarkable sound.
And when it was autopsiever, I heard a sound that was written in both sides, which was an industrial heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of putting the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are full of blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
It gave doctors, water pills, so I could eliminate liquid light.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I made the first mistake -- sent her to her home.
It actually made two more errors.
He sent her to his house without talking to the boss of resistance.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and get it to him with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to deliver complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which I could take care of my patients without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Golden, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the Dragon-incurrated lady.
And the nurse thought and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
This is how he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her to his house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home.
It went through the emergency service service at home.
And there another nurse, not the one who cared about Mrs. Darwinian before, but another one. I said three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's a particular particular thing that we see the patients pretty often.
The three words are actually?
"Do you remember from the patient I sent to his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice of voice.
She was okay.
But I went back and on the verge of death.
At the time of an hour he had come to her house, after I gave him the high one, he suffered a collapse and her family called 9/11. And the parents brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 square miles, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff would take all their resources.
They gave them medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial response.
I was concluded and supported to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope he would recover with.
And in the two or three days following it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
In eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And at ninth day, he left it. The Drake lady wife, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
So the next weeks I got through it, and I experienced for the first time the mass shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just isolated, without feeling that healthy embarrassment because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the paths and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The mass shame I talk about is what makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And I felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure I took the things and make sure that they wouldn't be dead.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did I send her to her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so slight?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was disagrammatically.
And I began to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I stole the efforts to be perfect to not make any more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the garage.
I was very busy.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little color.
I gave him penicillin and sent him to her home.
But while he ran on the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my game change, my boss asked me to talk to me on his office.
And I put the three words: Remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garage?
Well, he came back and didn't have a strandpart farmer.
He had a potentially fatal effect called explorations.
You can look for it in Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but of the top, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He fortunately didn't fail.
You get antibiotics for the internal pathway and he recovered.
And you go through the same period of shame and reproductive, then I went back and went back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn of urgency, no diagnosed discussion.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a conference.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
It was a rainforest radio, but it turned out to be normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to restore and asked my colleague to check it.
And I checked it up, and when you noticed a certain sensitivity in the lower right, called the surgeon.
Both were operated and recovered well.
But every case, I was developed by each case.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bit.
The most significant have been for the last five years.
Just and not support.
And here's the problem: If I can't free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues with me?
How do I teach you this so they don't make the same mistakes?
If I walked into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transition in my hospital shocked the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep -- those who can't sleep and the ones who have a little bit of the results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to the people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical private and medical principles to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Star to my program, "Whale Coke, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are organized.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one of every 10 depression drugs in the hospital are wrong, or the position is not right. In a system where institutional infections are increasingly more and more numerous and making chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian candidates die for preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about surface supermarkets, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The privacy of sleep goes all the way.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest. He comes up with liquid eyes and attachment to alcohol, and all of a sudden my story is a breakthrough.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't have their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminated all the professional prone for error, well, not to stop anyone.
And with regard to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program, "Flash "flash," black art, is already a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake." I would tell everyone, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery, this is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah -- "What are your brainstorms."
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would bring off the head and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefine medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
Redemical doctor is human, you know, the human, it takes it, and it's not proud of its mistakes, but it's efforts to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It turns out the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving and support way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going to run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every once in the way.
My name is Brian Goldie.
I'm a rebuilding doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I'm excited about learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey of more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says choose a average American -- is about 70 a day.
Not ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers record the different tasks that were unemployed by these executives and the time they were involved in making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, on average, they take 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the chair of nine minutes, and how many of a hours?
How does the way that make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current today: choose to the emergence of options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a lady.
And now my first question: Are you ready to talk about the problem of opinion approach?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at the University of Stanford, and it was a very, very high level supermarket -- at least at least at that time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Derek.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different classes of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 inches of bottled water, and this was when we took water from the flu.
I love to go to that store, but in a occasion, I asked myself, why do I never buy nothing?
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in a sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy have to offer all these choices?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the memories.
Palestine.
They had 348 different classes.
We installed a post to deal, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out of six same bears, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what case people were willing to stop testing the memory?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a melt tower.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy metal.
Of those who stood when there was six, we saw that 30 percent bought me metabolized.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy metabolized if they found six.
Well, deciding that we don't buy a lot of us probably convinced us, at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in transparent decisions.
We decided to not decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe to you a study that I did with Guinea Hambua, Email Karcific and West Jane, where we looked at the savings decisions for about a million Americans, between about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in solidarity plans for retirement plans for revolution, the 40th program, it would define people to save for the future.
And we discovered that actually there was a correlation, actually.
We had 657 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funds offered there less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to the percentage 60 percent.
It turns out even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, more people were incarcerated for avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three major negative consequences in offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when this is against the interest itself.
They are more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance, in health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying things, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we are able to look at that giant variety of mass, mustard and window and memorized, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and control and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've been testing in one form or another, in different research, so they can try to test in their business.
The first is, Cornell.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more than more.
People are always annoyed when I say, "Oh.
They care about losing space in the analog.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut away from strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales down, you will download the costs, there will be better experience in the election.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Haiti & Stems to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Court corporations eliminated the products for cats of cats that were less sold -- they increased the uses in 87 percent, by two causes -- more sales and less costs.
And you know that today's supermarkets. In average offer 45,000 products.
In a Water store. About 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world is Alexander and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in a cat.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle best choices is the David Labos, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
Who you really want to choose -- 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut away.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that it would be willing to offer people in this audience to be able to offer the people in this audience with the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to take a report if you're ready to take the Garaham surface.
(Relative replacements: Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the office.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it really came to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, which is in the second thing, but I can help you and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices of choice, which is Confident.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that consequences should feel very vivid -- very concrete, very concern.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards, which when you use effective use?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shakespeare Benjamin and Alexander President, about NGO -- workers who worked at NGOs, these people were in a meeting where they were being applied to a 404 plan.
To that meeting, we thought exactly how it used to be used -- we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
And with this minority there was an increase in the applications of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts from four percent.
The third technique is classified.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Supermarkets Every year along the North corridor -- the magazine exhibition can contain from 333 different types to 664.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to differentiate it.
These are two jewelry displays.
One is called Japanese and the other, "Steel."
If you think that the one on the left is Switzerland and the one on the right is Japan, you get a box.
("Request -- well, there are some people.
If you think that the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Switzer, you give a box.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is St. Steve, but you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
Cathedrals have to indicate something that you choose to, not what defines it.
You can often see this problem with those huge funds.
Does it allegedly inform?
My fourth category covered complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than what we think, if we just do it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German forest of cars that allows you to perceive it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that are offering each one.
Color, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Mother, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, to a few boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you can always run the button by defect in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed.
We found that the ones that go from many options to a few options -- they turn the button for the effect over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they get there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Although the pick box of change is not saying anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum out.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice: cut, eliminating strange alternatives -- Connecticut, make it real. Class, we can handle more categories with less options -- to monitor complexity.
All of these techniques that I presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives -- or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being cared to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Eastern East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing should register it to the government.
And I had to record a text leaf of an example written with the machine.
And this for the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't know that somebody could do this, how much this will limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturing manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes you your own and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be really upset for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what's happening in the online world we can grab the attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the criminals.
Like Mr. Himalaya Gold from the city of Kilimer, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money, including amounts.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiple, who won money with their attacks.
This is Loop Thailand, from Tasmania, Station.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watter.
This is Bround Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson -- Thomas Alaska, etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking trajectories to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman Sam Jan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane singing surrounding) He knows his paradigm.
And I say today is more likely than any of us are victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad to worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in the importance of today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves them, motivate the protests -- they motivate you the opinions -- they motivate your laughter.
groups like Anonymous have been described in the last 12 months, occupying a paradox in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the achievements like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group is national states are the government that they attack.
And then we see cases like Dinosaur.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Dinosaur is an authority authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Decline the last fall because of a subject.
And they surprised the security of the site and they lost a cyber.
Last week, I asked in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives -- I asked one of the leaders if they were trying to plant the death of people because of the attack to Dinosaur.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die by a attack of these?
Dinosaur is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do the certifications do?
Well, you need if you have a website with talents, encrypted services like Google.
Except that they have an foreign certified authority.
And they emit appropriate approaches.
And in the case of Dinosaur happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters from the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the atom of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers that the capital was called "Oh."
And within that folder, there were notes from a strand company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government government to intercept large-scale communications.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago was found the StoryCorp StoryCorph -- a trajectory used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is in.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
Use even tools like the Stone Tree to infect our computer with a trajectory to allow them to look at all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious response should be, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not discussed.
It's not a matter of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we prescribe today, will be forever.
Will we blindly trust any future government, in an administration, that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close to the most part of the south, which means that wild animals like box are freely out of the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that they killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead. I felt very bad because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot to lions.
The dying are wars that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years old, is responsible for her father's livestock and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't survive, because I even helped the lions see the star of far.
I didn't recommend me. continued.
A second idea was to use a spirit.
He was trying to deceive lions so they thought I was near the state.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day, and they saw the spines, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
And I found that lions are afraid of light to move.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I walked up.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supplies the electricity to the small Indian box. I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights go.
As you can see, the light bulbs go out because that's where lions come from.
And this is how lions see when they come at night.
The lights are detected and tied to the lions so they think I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom -- these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all Kenya, to scare other predators, like hyena legs, leopard and also being used to spread elephants from the farms.
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, one year ago, I was just a kid in the meadow of the savanna kicking my father's cows from my father, and I used to see planes flying around, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come online for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be an engineer.
I used to hate the lions -- but now like my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions.
Asia silly. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like your own.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention -- I want to make an electric close -- CA: A close electrical?
RG: I know you already invented the electric fences but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try once, right?  RS: I've tried it before, but I was tried before, but I stopped because I got a wire --  CA: On the foot of the cannon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to join every step that you do, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RG: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Sent So Didn't."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim HIV/AIDS, but we never learned much about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan is the enemy.
Although sometimes I asked the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're recovered together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're ready to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of them and their families.
A huge famine, an North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during hunger, and just a few survive eating past, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently made of energy cut, all around me was completely in dark night except by sea lights.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture from North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which is a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very athlete in certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretary.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I went out of North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of starvation I was sent to China to live with distant relatives to live.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be like Korean refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed -- and it would be repeated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be Korean -- then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and dependent.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer told another one, "This was a fake report. She's not Korean."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China are looking for a strike in foreign embarrasses.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese and sport.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everyone can be used in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk the South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In Korea in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South also.
We're all Korean, but inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through an identity crisis.
Am I a surgeon or a Korean?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call me proud of me.
Although I'm going to adapt to life in South Korea wasn't easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the entertainment exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a stripped call.
North Korean authorities showed some money that sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location in the outside.
They had to flee.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I headed into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through the South Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost went trapped several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and adopted by a Chinese police officer.
I asked the identification of all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I would probably stand up and tell him they were supported people who were accompaniently.
And I looked at it sustainably, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the border of Lahos.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lahos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the frontal border.
After paying multiple and bearded babies, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Lahou capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was taken in prison to short distance from the embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man wondering, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about questions.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt the man went into the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and pull them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the North American."
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The kind of unknown man symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Korean people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown community and support of the international community are really the hope rays that the Korean people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of people are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or any money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, labor practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help us give people an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans in the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central South.
This is Central South Center, literally fast food, fast food.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of Central South to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the Anderson South Anderson --  Tanzania, fast food, soft land.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South Angeles, home of food places to carry and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food food in the car.
People are dying from cure diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than that, let's say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happens.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of house you see the effects that the current food system has in your neighbor?
I see wheelchair bought and sold like used cars.
I see centers of lung dance centers like Strans.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes of turn and turn to buy an apple that doesn't have any pesticides, which doesn't have any pesticides, right?
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet C three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, we put us together and we start planting our food forest and fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group paid that is paid by the gardens of all the processing, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city got me on top of me and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden, the quote was made by court order.
And I said, "Come on, do it really really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let's take it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Luery, and he spoke to the concept and one of the Green Group members who put a petition in Changer, with 900 signatures -- we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept I even called to say that they were repeating and they loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more based spiders.
It has 68 miles of ball terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why don't you think about this?
Creating a plant will give a thousand seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars from the outcome.
It's my humor, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Culture your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I was being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I culture my art.
As a graffiti artist -- which is eating walls, I eat soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my emission of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what land can do -- if you let them be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the Earth.
We are the land.
You'd be surprised to see how it affects kids.
Golding is the most therapeutic and prototype act that you can do, especially in an arm.
Also, they get fresh.
And I remember a occasion, that a mother came and his daughter, they were like 103 o'clock at night, and they were in my garden, and I went out and look very sticky.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear that people will steal your food?"
And I say, "Oh God no, I don't fear that you're going to steal it."
It's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to watch your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a spirit shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by his stories about how it had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grounds has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had it, like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in the voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach you how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what they put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't lead them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are coming up with their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carroid.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy care.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to put people working to people, taking kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we need to make it sexy.
I want you all to become evolutionary and self-related, weaknesses, wises gas.
We have to change the script of what a signal is.
If you're not a garden, you are not a signal.
So the penetrations take their part right?
That is your choice weapon.
In addition, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, they don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with your stick.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sound)  (Music pictures --  -- probably everybody agrees with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I jump.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to do porous, powerful rates.
The porous, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has portraits and water can pass through it, so all the rain water will flow down to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they won't jump water further.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hole, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the disadvantage of this road is that you can deliver.
What's going to go? You see that in this road the surface stones are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can harm your windshield and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more harm.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Oh. It's ready.
But battle, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how damage comes in in this material.
It's a porous, portalish asphalt -- so it only has a little amount of addict between the stones.
Because of the interest, the ultraviolet light, the oxygen, this addict, this blue, the glue between the laughing, it will pick up, and if you get older, you will make microbes and you will separate from the addresses.
So if you drive on the road, you will get the add -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of automotive materials.
If we can make this material arouse, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean sounds, and we can cut the steel bar into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the blue.
So we have a little bit of asphalt with little pieces of steel landscape in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a manufacturing machine.
The invitation can heat out, especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the blood, the blood flow by these microbes and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big instruction machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven, it's a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters of the Hillary Highway automobile, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the sample, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them then with our manufacturing machine, and we pulled them back into it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy of industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even you can save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
You actually have to cool first before I can show you how it acts to repair it.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember waking up one morning with the sound of the tree in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radius.
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because news generally depressed.
"The Taliban were sitting down. I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a second school, he told me.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban moved out of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to escort my older sister who couldn't be used outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could get education.
Every day, we had a different route so nobody could support where we were going.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that it seemed to be shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us caught in a small room.
It was nice in the winter but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspended the Taliban sponges.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Are they following us?
Did you know where we lived in?
We were afraid, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total instrument of a remote province of Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father recruited it.
But my mother was a teacher.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were times that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and not seeing a future.
I wanted to rent, but my father said, "Hmm, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years now.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the battle, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Muddite College instead.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was exiled from his home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate him.
He didn't just get out of my university degree, but I also was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I carry it driving through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the 1011 global ambassador -- a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SUN, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like the mine, they advocate for them, despite and still in front of a desert opposition.
Like ATM. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but AIMS is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and her daughter were walking from SOLE to his village, and literally they were approved to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When I got to his house, they are the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending her daughter to school, they would go back.
"Give me already, if you will, he said, "But I won't hurt the future of my daughter for his old and delegated ideas.
What I've noticed about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. girls who went to school are in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't waste a lot, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that I encourage them, I see a promise future and a lasting change.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibility, and every day the girls of SOLE remember it.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the expert, "Don, resistance to Gate. I struggled against him.
But you never get a revolutionary Galapago revolution.
They've spent almost two years since the law revolution inspired by the smell of mass mobility, so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other public citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of function and start a revolution against the terrorist regime of Gap.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront -- demanding the fall of the regime, carrying panels of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a value to be able to face the British dictatorship of Gate.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and defeat the store.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy burden -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the terrorist regime of Garden destroyed infrastructure, culture and the moral structure of the public society.
So aware of the devastation and the challenges, I have loved many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during the Benjamin and immediately after the fall of Gap -- about 300 in Tubera.
After a period of 33 years of explosion, I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Women's Library of People by peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and by our right participation right in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the president period, an environment that was increasingly pollinated, which was moved from the selfish and exceptional policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first election of 52 years.
However, little by little, the exhilaration of election and revolution as a whole, were disappearing. Every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi trials.
Another day he was born with the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the official markers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continual violations of human rights and their lack of respect.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is pollinated more, and it's taken away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
Interesting, exception and revenge.
I'm not here today at all to inspire our history of the success of the "drill" and the elections.
Now, I'm here today to confess that we as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The brand list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recovery?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why do our society continue to be polarized and dominated with selfish polls of domination and exception, both for men like women?
Perhaps what missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mission and inclusion
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than needed choices, which only reinforce the polarization and the division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than needed the numerical representation and quantitative of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and call it anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honor but also putting the mystery instead of the revenge. The collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion rather than the exception.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alarm that is about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and male people.
That's the real brand.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it individually.
According to a version of the Koran Salt, peace, is the word of the mistake God, "A "compassionate," compassion."
At the same time, the word "Radio," which is known in all of the aerodynamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word "rapist," and the membrane and the material, which goes to all of the humanity of men and women, from which all tribes and all the peoples have been completed.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, that grows inside, the divine matrix of the nuclear compassion all the existence.
This is how we say, "My mission goes out all of the things.
That's how we say, "My mercy prevention on my anger.
All of you are told by the grace of mysterious.
Thank you.
I am here today to talk to you about an uncomfortable question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
This is about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that everybody do -- why is she left?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who passed him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just been ready at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Seven magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Springs, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, he would put my head up with a gun.
The man who loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "completely love love, a psychological trap -- of love, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical amount of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA at Marketi Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of the lose "Forest 500," between Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burning and The Washington Post, the Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker and I drive an Honor Hong Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religion, all the levels of function and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, intense and long relationships, or said otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reasons why, the domestic abuse turns out so descendant.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to stay with a man who would paste him, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than those of other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by partners, books and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rain night of January.
I was sitting next to New York subway and started floating with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he also had to get away from a university of the Ivan Lean, and he worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it looked like a boy in the field.
He had big molecules like apples and a blue blood hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about all the beginning putting me in a personality.
We began to go out and love all of me -- that I was list, that I had gone to Harvard, who would have passion to help teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like nobody had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is seduced and hacking the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York City and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love locome," which was entering his head in a physical trap and financial and psychological prince carefully prepared.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to it.
And this is where they enter those silicons.
As soon as we move to New England you know, that site where it was supposed to be conventional had to feel so safe to buy three winds.
One was in the glove of the car.
And another guy kept it underneath the pillow in our bed, and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those clips because of the trauma that lived smaller.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those stories actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in a dangerous way, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack in Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven o'clock in the morning and still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother suit from my mother and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very really frightening.
It was simply felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and by the fact that I would form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never be hurt.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that he stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our moon moon, was driven by the traffic and threw a Big Mac Cali to the face.
Congo kept paying one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or steel at some point in his life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are based, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply haunted man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face their demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get down?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that you normally ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a mass.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has finally done to the relationship, after getting older, because then the abundance has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent roof, even after the abuse has come back to marriage, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and to their children, which are normally forced by judges to spend time not supported by the men to spend time not supported by the man.
And yet we keep asking why is it just not going?
I was able to be able to go, because I was able to be able to go from a last speech that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody to the world: the police, to my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as strange headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people that people are a way to say, "The guilt is your for standing," as if we victims will inevitably choose to fall out of men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Lock Love," I've heard stories of stories of men and women who were also scanned -- who learned an inevitable lesson from what happened to them and who were given their lives joyful and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, fully free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
And I got married with a man and a nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black worker and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have to do is not even more, ever, it's a clothes carrying my head in the hands of someone who says he wants me.
Right now, they're thinking, "Hi, that's fascinated." or "Hi, what dumb it was, but all this time, I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, from the ones that are listening to me right now, that are being abused or that they were from small or they're abused themselves.
The evil could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love in particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power of ending domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They bring the evil to the light talking about it with their children, their fellow partners, their friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interview consciously to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. My name is Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm models.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like right now there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck for you, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to tell you now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very inconsequently, less evil than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater. Because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it also surfaces.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would grow up the back and hit the baby hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little we can do to transform our looks, which, even though shallow and unchanging has a huge impact on our lives.
So today, for me, it's going to be worth being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sense.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a classroom discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery. I am the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this trend is.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we've also associated with a high and soul shape, to family and white skin.
And that's my inheritance. It has heritage that I've been able to take advantage to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing specialist, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion they say -- I hope. There are Naomi -- Turkey, Joan William.
First of all, the happy ones to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 777 models hired -- only 27 percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do is, can it be model when it is better?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what would really tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a surgeon and a non-state cartoonist surgeon, which would be awesome, because you were the first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist no, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say, yes my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the report of the American magazine and the CEO of Hemman, or the next Steven Mellon.
To say that as a greater you want to be a model that's like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have come up with your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no longer matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your resumes say, "Earth clothes for 10 years, people will look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are retired.
And yes, they are basically relaxed all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biomass, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
And so next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pipeline party a few days before the pictures for the French vote.
So here I am with my football team and I saw it.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, blue, malaria, photographers and stations, and all their help and pressure and prosperity, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, Do you get free things?
I have too much of the 20 inches and I never use, except the previous couple but the privilege that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a grocery store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a low-cost driver, and he came up with a red schematic, and, of course, they stood up, and I made a sorry, agents to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people paying a price for their way without matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, of the 14,000 teenagers that I stopped and recorded 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 170 black and Latino young young black people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times are I going to stop me?
By researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the 13 percent of the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent to 17 percent.
So the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the most brilliant hair, you'll feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever wonder, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the most to the fashion -- but probably the most physically amazing women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression.
If there is something to stop from this talk, I hope that everybody is more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more cherished photographs and I didn't go out of it.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no chance to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them to random terrifies.
My story begins when I found out in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of the 57 and the five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to San New York on a paper trip and continue the ritual.
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has ever denied and, fortunately, no one has had the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This photo is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and we have to reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we were always taking the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter comes up with new holes, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking on, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red roof of the drop of the dolls that I would love small on previous visits before.
And I described what had felt about five years standing in that same place.
I started to remember his heart with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memory.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memory creation.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 photos, I don't get out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and they don't doubt to come up with somebody and ask them, does it take a picture to you?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bubbles are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter personalized as mental characters, dumb characters, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the previous Kenyan press and applause and alarmisms, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  Paradigms, they don't help prevent disease.
They're hardly monkey.   They're far away from extending.  And my favorite, the bureaucrats have better presence.   There are two kinds of bubbles on this planet.
There are the tribes of the New World that are mostly found in the Americas, like the hunters and the cartoons, and the labor of the Old World, where we have 16 species. Of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bushes important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage colleagues.
They clean the codes to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not being for them to spread and cause big loss of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no burnings, the codes take three to four times longer to depend, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The bubbles also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
The symbol was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the goat, they simulated the unit between the Highland and the under Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Japan was the burning god, and he risked his life to save the goddess of the 10th head of the 10-year-old death.
In the Tibetan culture, you get a lot of very important open skins in places like Tibet. There is no place to bury the dead, or wood to make them, so these bubbles provide a system of natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the business?
We have eight species of bureau in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and facial communities. The grasslands use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan four species of bus are on the critical list of extinction danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, they will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickenie.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there are no bureaucras, there has been a spread in the number of dogs in series of cords, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for rage -- the number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa, 350 farmers are going to be above Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them for half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead bubbles to serve the blood and the football market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're investigating these birds. We're putting transmitters.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so you can focus on a problem that's really not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bush, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we need to focus on these very unknown creatures -- donate their time to spread the word. It will donate the word.
When you get out of this room, they will report about the bureau, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bureau.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally, my life -- has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1975 to 1976. Long young, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, March and Somalia -- in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs, and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was performed.
I thought, at 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played the landscape.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Walls of the Mamemal," was a project where we had an Italians we decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of the South Zambia, to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zambia River, and we teach the local local tomatoes and talks, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go up.  We were astonished that the local people, in such fertile fractalism, wouldn't have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just to save the people in the Bambo of the Human Man."
And of course, everything in Africa was completely grown up.
We got these magnificent tools. In Italy, a tomato would grow up this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the breaks, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight.
And the broken ones said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say it -- you never asked.
I thought only the Italians make mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans do, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste --  You should see the waste that we give people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Hello Made from Dragon Moscashin, economic economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
It's a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are implantary, and we are computer, and we treat people only in two ways, or we passed them, or we're patents.
The two words come from the Latin "Arab" radio, which means father."
However, they mean two different things.
Patient, I treat any of the different cultures like my sons, "I want a lot of it."
Patent, I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the whites in Africa are called "Bambary," boss.
That book gave me a battle in the face. Little is beautiful, written by Schroll, who said for all economic development -- if people don't want to be helped to be helped to be helped by them.
This should be the first principle of help.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, we can imagine a city that isn't neighborhood?
I decided at 27 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facial firm where you never started nothing, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of local passion who you have to become a better person.
So what do you do? It's shut down.
It has never come to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local.
We don't work from the office.
We met in a coffee. We met on a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we found out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what are you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we listen to them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never stick up, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified with.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and it helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Spanish, the city of West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this controlled garbage that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
And I broke and I heard them --  --   So the government says, "Tell me again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of solar.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business assaults in history, passed at the 1960s, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before we got involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon-inclusive says, "Paradise is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you're going to rebuild Christopher without knowing what the most storage people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them conflict, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will come in in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation of you have been clapping more this morning.
passionate local people. That's what you've been clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fully non-the-parent fossil revolution -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture us, we run out, we make, we transport to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- universities -- forget them?
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an obsessive story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people gathered up, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was this: New York City will not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to transfer the population of New York to the around, it would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already running in standard.  So in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology to build New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, it appeared 100 automatic manufacturing companies, 1975.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few search, scars, factories in paradex places.
Desert, Michigan, Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them conflict.
Otherwise, they will not come up with you.
Then you have to offer you an absolute thing, dedicated to it.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell you with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a human being in the world that can do, sell and search for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison Ford, all the new companies, Google, Haiti.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: no one was initiated by one person.
The word "Is," but the word "we," 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
No one starts a company alone. Nobody.
So we can create the community where we have fates, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee cards, in bars next to their shrimp dedicated who will be doing for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this expectancy, someone who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you see the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like hostile, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we push and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape?
How do we share our hopes before empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams.
I live in New Orleans, and I'm love in New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadow to lovers and drunk and satellites for centuries and trust in a city.
There is a defore in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned property of America.
I live near this house and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
His death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude.
It gave me clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I make this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard, and he painted on her phrases to go, "Before I die I do."
So the transportations could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and still covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judged by paradox."  Before I die I want to sit on the delivery line of date change."
Before I die before I want to sing for millions of people.
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die before I want to live outside the network.
Before I die before I want to hug it again, I want to hug it again."
Before I die before I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at the boats, they woke up, and they gave me a little bit of hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and elite ways. It's about giving the reflection and conflict, and to remember what is most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we made a kit, and now they've been done in countries in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relations with other people.
In our own age of distraction, it's more important than ever, to find the ways of preserving perspective and remembering that life is short and delicious.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we will prepare for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as individuals and more media to share hope, fear and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a only request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remen is 22 years old, it's high and very waste.
It doesn't talk about it, but it brings better joy than some of the best speakers.
Remember knows what love.
It really shares it incomplete what happens.
It's not a strong. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and look at this -- never mind.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to provide words that I couldn't even remind me, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it must be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very hot.
It has the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but remember the year that every single song of my iPod came out, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I would be able to make my arm in my arm during the first episode of Telescopes and Lauro Gaga birthday.
Don't you seem incredible to you?
But most people don't agree with.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of normal society, they're often ignored and understandable.
But what propelled my heart and forgiven my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: autistic and remarkable.
Now, for those less familiar with the term automobile," it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every single individual they manifest differently, from there that Remen is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that goes faster in the world, there is no cause and no known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
He did a lot.
I didn't want to play like other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He lived alive and queen in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in line around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that would have between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond brilliant, frustration and endless hyperactivity. There was something really unique -- a pure, innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some more difficult moments in my family, times where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
Now normally, the beauty goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it's different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remembrand and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a day! Every one of us has a gift inside of us, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change die at the time when we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what has been to be Alice in the country of Marketer.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, which gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  I was actually frightened by the statement of these students with their great minds, their great books and their big words and the words of words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, between others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers. Please have a little bit of a have simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, and so what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
We don't just tell us that they study the workers, but they study the workers, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat smell.
And when they're describing their science, care with the ground.
The land is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporary, but why don't you say space and time, which is much more accessible to us?
You can make them accessible is not the same thing as dumb them.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of getting to contain and engage with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the based signs."
You have wondered why they're called balls --  What do you do balls? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown example is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the workers is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower design.
The trick here is to use a simple, legal phrase, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what it is about.
I think these are just some key key that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all of the media --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all of the English English dictatorship is "recovered."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "look at the metal means "plated political.
Even though there was an editor editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A graduate is the one who looks for a public burden no matter of participant, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a complex vegetable men.
I have no idea what create corrupt."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until 178, for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Brazilian Crossmark, who faced the Parliament in it.
They got them in the London Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had enough courage to deal with them, and at the end had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase, "This ball based on the massage shop."
Most of us think it's literature.
It's not. It's by a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, right after independence independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions could have been produced.
Some of you wanted to call it "The Washington state, and others, and others, "Your Alexander George Washington, and other Leaders of the U.S.
Not very attractive.
Some simply wanted to call it "Go!
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it, they were monopoly, they had the idea that one could be elected King for a certain run.
And it could have service.
Everybody was increased immediately, because this debate is protected for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor Senator and always wrote, still with this subject."
What caused the portrait and the until the Charlic House was against the Senate.
The Representative House didn't want Washington to spread from power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he was given to him or his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give them the most modest and most incredible and more unfortunate title, they were happening to them.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title, but it just meant somebody who prevents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much greater than the term "paradox or surface."
There were elegant presidents of small colonial events and government failures, but it really was an incredible title.
And that's why the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet foreign digitals?
"And who will take serious of a title as ridiculous and insecurity as President of the United States President?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't happen.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been able to have the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you can keep waiting for 23 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to disappear, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of vehicle vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have mastered the title of great.
So he won the Senate.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of singing -- well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But you know how many nations do you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality is much more likely to make words much more than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters below land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the touch of South bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices, but above all, that calculator of male trains and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a little cheap light cheap block on your head with this soul electricity, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that one meter that has hundreds of meters on Earth.
I recovered my hand, and I suddenly remember a minority that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless meters in that mouth.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're a pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exposure at the Vancouver Peace Chimpanzee.
Among all the incredible people I met there I met an integral from "Bellison to the Season, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew there was in the world, but not at such a grade.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad. I was honestly ashamed of ignoring this atrocities of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I got a number of the stomach, and weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "Beers the Season and offer it my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some of them would consider them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty books.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people locked in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during all of the traditional slave station.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual wage of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of a quarter of us 50,000 today.
However, today you can enslave entire families for generations for net debt from 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in the commerce: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are description.
Statistic exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the streets of bricks.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell.
Take a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy sea of dust -- they stack mechanically brick in their heads, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the towers to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Developed by the monitor, and the song works in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 hours a day.
There were no passwords to eat, not to drink, and severe desertification, made it be quite intrinsic.
So fished was the heat and dust that my camera became too warm to the touch, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the adult that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they already were.
I had to trust the Season and work inside the system for the liberation and trust you to get it.
In my me, I waited to get home to feel my designed heart.
In the Himalayas, I found children carrying rocks for miles by mountain land to trucks that were waiting down down.
Those big planes were more heavy than the children who were carrying them, and the kids are holding them to their heads with rooms made of sticks and ropes and dogs.
It's hard to witness something so observative.
How can we influence something so insect, but so organization?
Some of you don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been so much like his life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages recruited their freedom, the beetles burn their homes.
When we hear the state of slavery we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was advised that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kami I was accepted by women who had been previously slave seasons.
I was driven by a few analogous stairs that gave this dirty basement, sentence light floor.
It wasn't exactly a grandfather.
It was rather a restaurant.
Newton, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private patterns, where the slaves women with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- are forced to train the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty -- identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a bit and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sex abuse by their clients.
So standing in the sea, I remember feeling a strong acute fear and at that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a string: the stairs where I came in.
There were no stream doors.
There were no window enough windows like the suit.
Those people don't have a scanner, and because we play such a difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people locked in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textile is another activity that we often relate to the labor of scarces.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families locked in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The hands of black hands are from the father, the blue and the bones of red and their children.
They mix stories in these big barrels, and they dip the silk into the liquid to the elbow, but the length is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
We still hope, though, can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children locked in Lake Loop, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family on a ship, two older siblings, some younger kids, makes sense isn't it?
error. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their trade families, disappeared and forced to work external workers in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat was approaching it was starting -- it feared that his little canoe was emerged.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The radio branches of the trees plunged in the Louch lake often trap networks and children, fated and fear, they drop into the water to unleash the branches.
Many are bust.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
As a fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, clearly treat the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they raised the last networks, but they had been working out from the one.
The cold night and the windy night.
And I will point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosovo.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where "Beers the Season received victims of slavery.
Now Kofi is possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving through a road in Ghana with "Barrel the Season, an adaptable fellow with his mouth suddenly will accelerate and support our car and touch the window.
It asked us to follow it through a road road to the forest.
At the end of the road, he showed us out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
Then he pointed out this sense barely and said, "This is the path, this is the path. Come on.
As we started down, we took the nerves that blocked the road, and after walking about one hour we found that the path was embedded by the recent rains -- so I put pictures of pictures on my head as we discovered in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the synthetic path ended up approved in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a soccer field, and they were all filled with scared workers.
Many women had children strapped into their back, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in poison water.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a poem in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, transported, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people are carrying heavy stones of stone that then will be transported to another area where they will manipulate the stone to be able to extract the gold.
First sight, the site seems to be filled with strong and violent men, but if we look closer than close to the sea we see other lucky ones and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the community slope per capita in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died his uncle led him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, it had having the debt of the uncle who forces it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, he had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mines, so severe that doctors said it should be automated.
In addition to that, Marine has tuberculosis, and I don't know that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like "Bellison the Season, and it's this kind of determination of faces to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take witness of them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazine. They're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that happens I don't think about these so many beautiful people, bathed, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will turn a fire and that fire pulls light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied mathematics and there is a peculiar problem for anyone who does it! We're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We get rid of the viruses of the whale and the classroom dancers that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial altitude that can have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroyed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stratching who, at his time, was a virus dancing of balloons.
In the last few years, it's been progress much in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with incredible definition, temperatures, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and in definition, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a target and new methodology.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markets, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of the clinical trials, you never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the test them?
It would not get personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as no conventional form to try and try and look at it, you see, in a certain sense, we are all virtuous as my friend Jane Strand.
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you can talk about -- we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed. The Facebook, for example.
And, like the whale requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From the sound, we can track the position of vocal cords as they vibrate vibrating, and as the Parkinson's affect extremists, also affecting vocal organs.
In the bottom, you can see an example of a regular temperature of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice temperature, decision and rich.
The speech becomes more quiet and associated after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, they're both invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive -- they both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the based tests are not specialized in voice.
That is, they can be a self-assembly.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as much as a lot.
They're the minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something acquired a cost so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some incredible goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
Needless to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequencies, we could get objective data.
We could do low-cost massively recently for clinical trials, and for the first time, the facial classrooms at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomedical biologists before it's too late.
So by giving the first few steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Indiana Indianabord.
Along with Accenture and Petracuas, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have affordable local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone or Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get from these shows?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is during the call you have to indicate if you have or not disease. TR: Sure.
MK: You see, some people may not pass it. They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limitation factors to look for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Tanzania, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which fits the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Ninth and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom, Tom, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographic challenges in New York City.
We're plane creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually avoid solar light.
We make the models even more delightful, the perfect skin is still more perfect -- we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste by images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A short time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volves, it was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't sit sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Outpoin.
It's a little village of fishermen located in the Internet profession of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the waves.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We took rubble from channels and bars.
We clean up schools. We take the slime and leave the houses to be renewable and regulated.
We took tons and tons of fish of fish dead, sadly, power of the local factory.
We went through and love us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and Sun cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
They will pick them up and take them to different places of the people around them to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered for.
As they were fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village evidence.
It helped clean the communal toilets the enormous, giant bad.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the rating center takes the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond horizons, but it wasn't until I would catch myself my horizon than something happened.
When I looked at photos, I found some that had more than a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab about the lab, I couldn't help to think as a correctly corruptive how to fix that bus and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started taking the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too stressed, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had to fix a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
Over time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more retirements like this, so I went into Facebook and Linux and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In the course of two weeks, he had 150 people wanted to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rulman, a neighbor town north of Amazon.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you were willing to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the emergence of the photos.
I could mean an hour. I could imagine weeks.
It could mean months.
This mountain had to draw basically by hand using the areas whose color and detail of the water had not destroyed water.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underwater in salt water, back covered by bacteria, with algae -- even oil, all of them together with the time step on it continues to destroy them, so cleaning them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the photo unless it was clean and dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with the life light.
We count with the guidance of an amazing neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even more of the photos.
As Windown once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos.
He had started cleaning it himself but he stopped realizing that it was even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild -- we could flap the images in a single photo and pick the whole picture.
When I collected his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the pictures in a fire station between the burning stations that used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of tsunami, his husband was the course of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the seawaters were solved.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he gave her his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could look back at, something that he could remember from the past that he had not been mapped by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there healthy hundreds of them helped us clean up over 150,000 photographs -- the vast majority -- -- the vast majority of them came back to hands of their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of completely rounded photos and retrossible.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in teacher for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, a place, a relationship, somebody else.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would get to look for.
This is about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it has a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of retirements.
Some of them were connected to something bigger, leaving something, using their talent for something that will not be perfect skin models.
I would like to read this email. I sent it City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I returned, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved around me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently born from our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Down Edin inspired us of awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not about a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph -- the photography, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow camera of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and I turn it into a trillion second, it is a number of seconds to create a package of photons of just a millimeter of analog.
And that package of photographs, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this photo of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do you take those pictures inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow cameras.
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens in less than a nerve is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke didn't take this research --  -- a lot of things in this film -- and you have a lot of things in this film.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a photo of photons that starts to turn it out, and in inside, it starts to stand up.
Part of the light goes off, goes to the table, and we start seeing these collaborators.
Many of the pictures finally come to the cap and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the upper part you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the thoughts are focused on.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it go through the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, all year.
It would be a very boring film -- of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about testing with natural nature?
You can see the waves that pop on the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I think, about a memory at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light hits the tomato is still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light is reduced inside its inner and comes back after several trillion billions.
In the future, when this film is in its cell phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is modulated without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT for?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we'll go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so it's just going to get some light.
So we sent that ball, that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very short synchrony -- we took those pieces of data and we trained them computer to create those pictures that I showed you.
We can take all that raw data and process them very interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a sustainable future would allow you to see after the rules?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Ready, go into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light reductions.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our memorial.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we'll reject the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our film has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture of brilliant, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like that, and dozens of images, we will put them together and try and analyze the multiple light robots, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going around the curve.
Or we could seek survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open windows.
Or we could build exceptions able to see inside the body by holding users, and the same thing for cars.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about film as a new amount of visualization to solve the problems of health imaging in the next generation.
As I did Doctor, he himself was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of promote pictures.
I realized that all the diagnosis of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But there's something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the map, these are getting away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. And Einstein would have love to see this image.
The order that events happen in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can run this distortion out.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to South Audience and get famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a child in 1984 and living in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were played in search of a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people who were produced by a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a cell phone here?
Get them.
Raise your mobile phone, take them away.
Get them. A Andrew, a Blackberry, worker."
It's a lot. Almost all of us today have a cell phone.
But today I'm talking about me, from my cell phone, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 800 pounds of information.
Broken data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The Data Delay Dinosaur Dinosaur.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every province of the Internet around Europe, has to store a wide range of information from the users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who, who sends an email to who he sends an email to.
Who sends him a text to who.
And if we use the cell phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in its phone company or its Internet province.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data retina.
We want to take advantage in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and producers on the Internet store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists and shocks, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberal, I don't fear.
And some of you even said that this would be the State 2.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, December Telescope, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, who please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I got it back to asking me, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah ...
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But December Telescope said no, we won't give this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the American constitutional Triberance failed the industrial law for the German Law Law.
So I received this ugly sentence with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty thousand pounds of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data detector means.
So, next to Zeon Louis and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-dead visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom out, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin on the train to Collowiz, and what often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's from all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one called the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what hour they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the groups of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the story would have known who he was involved in this protest, and if he had known who the leaders were, it would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in fact, not the fall of the Highway Court.
Because today state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But authenticity and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for automatically.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not moved from fashion.
When you go home, tell them to your representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that are serving them to remember that they have to fight for automatic age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
I call Maslam Zarabithmeth and I'm not expert, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so that's why all the time.
Look at.
It's a cartoon. I'm like a Shakespeare Microsoft.
And Muhammad Al.
A P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not conflict can't be contracted.
Nobody made the uterus of my mother and not control because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me when I birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from the ride.
You look at Christmas -- they're in the commercial center, they drive in circles for parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, I can be at least a little disabled?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and P. C. It's just one of them.
There will be a wave of open, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a paleontologist, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Climate in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't.
My father was like, "You can do it -- dancing cancers."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I clean up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents sued the school system and make sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't get all the maximum note all of us, we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me to get it up.
The spirit I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking as a bomb champion that has received many pilots.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think appropriate to use "Made to Muslims as a campaign law.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be concerned so much that it died of hunger during the Rama.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three other months without eating it, so to help us get from the dawn.
I danced in Broadway, dancing in Brown.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with tanks, which is that I can walk with tanks.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used tons, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Manhattan.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to greet me, so I drank the ceremony milk -- they put hot cups on my back, I dove in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I make yoga was a strander comedy that I couldn't stand up with a foot of foot.
And now I can stand in my head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything, that no sleep was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the USA, University of the state of Arizona.
It was like the player of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did every task of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the USA decided to make a work called Ballett Very slow in Jacks.
It's a work of a girl with brain parallels.
I was a girl with brain parallels.
So I began to shout up to the four winds, "In order to have a paper."
I have cerebral parallels?
At the end of the end. At the end of the free."
Thank God powered, I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Sarah Brown.
I went to increase the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed I could not do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a paper that literally had been born and gave it to an actress without brain parallels.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a strip story of hearing actions without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated home, I came home, and my first active tour was as an extra on a telephone.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be absolutely associated with "crazy friend in a sandwich.
Instead, I was there as a vase -- I didn't see me more than the news, and it was obvious to me that the department directors didn't hire corruptive actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Washington Gold, Roger Barry, Ellan, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentary.
So I made music.
In my first tour I took famous cartoon from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when I realized that I was going at high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral parallels.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without self.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find very fun.
In 2003, my mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York City, now in his 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media and then remind them to the displays of sports that South and Arabic are not synchronized.
Interesting Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the news program for cable news with Keith Olympic.
I walked into a graduate dance -- I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
And I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair another chair, right?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two, two, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the presentation of the presentation to not get out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was plus.
At the end I had my opportunity and disappeared. I knew they wouldn't get me.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to me, but it was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oliver was that people on the Internet are sculpture.
It's said that children are cruel crisis, but they never got fun of me or a girl or more.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became object.
I look at online clips like, "Why does it tell us?"
Is it retreated?
And my favorite, poor terrorist bureaucra.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for her."
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my curve: guidance, comedy paralyzer.
disability is as visual as race.
If somebody in the wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Beethoven can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Discoveries are the -- Yeah, clapping. Man: Come on.
So disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My current journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet floating by the submarine of the television Susan Luxon and the crazy Lord Arms.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandra and working with my grief, the amazing Dave Matthews.
He took the world by setting up Arabs have become crazy."
I was determined in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the CD of 2008.
And I founded "The Children in Maddue: a beneficial organization to give children refugee patents a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I devote this talk to his memory.
(Music percentage is passed."
I call Maslam Zarabith, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know your story.
He lives in a little town to South de Somalia.
This village is near Mozart.
The droughts drive the little town to poverty and on the edge of the innocent.
No one for him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mozartha, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mozart.
After maybe a year later, nothing.
One day you come up with a gentleman who offered him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
It knows a dynamic group of people who give him a desk.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to your family.
They present to a young girl.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky.
That little boy in that little village with the dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab -- a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little boy in a little village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him to go by it?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a perspective of future, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing that came out of what we call the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marketing, young urban urban urban urban developers in Johnson, they get riots in London, they are looking for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of the waiting period," the door of access to terrorism to violence, to planning, will be the story of cities.
And in my city of birth, Momenalism, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do practically anything.
I went back to Moschest last month, and I went to visit the Maladi Hospital.
I remember being in that hospital accelerated to bathrooms thinking, and if I'd never been going?
What if I had seen me forced to be in that same hope of hope?"
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mosches that month was actually to harbor a few juvenile leaders in a corporate camera.
I assembled about 90 Somali Leonardo leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was address.
He went to the University of Mozartha, he graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because because I was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shanghai and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recycled.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize me.
Address saw an opportunity and passed it.
A motorcycle company.
He started tracking motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 mountains, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
They facilitate young people to be the creators of economic opportunities who are looking so desperately for them.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings, Mohammed Mother, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative, and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozartha has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers.
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a forest of landscape and flowering design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he began to grow the thermal and linear the little thermal and linear, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Molacare.
And it began the delivery of flowers for bombs, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mozartha in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial routes.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Moore's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought of starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO to work for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be art of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, give them the support they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalogs for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
And he hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them a chance to escape the paradox of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs -- they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Park parks than computers and expectancy periods."
Thank you.
I was about ten years old, and I went to meet my dad in the Moralines mountains, an area in the north of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The wired forest.
The sun made the leaves glow as a vital, and it will not be the path that we did, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to go through that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a code on a ship with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a balance, from about four feet a square foot with aluminum paper balls on aluminum paper balls, and old paper.
And I was angry, I was very angry, incredibly confused, and incredibly confused.
The shrimp that were too lazy to take out what they had brought out, who thought that was going to clean their barrier?
That question followed with me, and it was a little bit simplify for me.
Who cleans our barrier?
No matter how organized or where they put out of it, who cleans our trash in Stanford?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or Paris, or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash by 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrigue.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical scanners and the snake screens.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's really strong you are used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used by weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept tracking the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Laboratory of Laboratory Statistics, the responsibility of waste is one of the ten most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned why.
You're coming out and walk into the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the implication of garbage.
When you get out of the room and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And there's the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste colleagues are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of waste in an efficient and effective form every day, this starts to wake up your containers and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to break and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the economics of the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism. I just signal your relationship.
And then it's what I call our average speed speed necessary.
And I mean just at the speed of the speed that we used to move into the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair or clean up or take our coffee cup.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a job force on the other side that will fall into it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that may help reduce the stigma and include it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out to save ourselves, from our own waste, our destroys, and that flow should always keep one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my young son and went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling path as all the fires did it.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and simply shown, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that I started investigating the waste collection and I saw that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts for rewarding the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all cost, even the very real human cost in the labor hand.
Municar waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Baby.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to come out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals generate heat inside the interior, so it takes a lot of engagement.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penguin by treating a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really driven with the old market that is this open-source structure where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to small sellins.
That's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented to inspire the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the entries of the building.
And this is spread with an inclusive attribute that creates a space in the open air in the building that will be provided, by its own way, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, that changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to an ant shell. With drilling profiles to allow the entrance of the air, and also from light, but in a finite way.
We then inspired us in these beautiful buttons of the stages of the etz.
They have properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little pieces that are wired that are the windows that let the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is full of these little crystals of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas that didn't happen to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center, not what we ask.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market would be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of the mall there was more local to sell.
And also, the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy consumption for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pores on the roof, which is in conjunction collecting water for the senses of the inside.
It's expected for early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one that I designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000-year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozens of doctors connected by the lines almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards with these parents.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation with the idea of the doors that were interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in developing media?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and Arab city.
It has these blogs with courtyards and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians in the ground.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like revealing community occupied by construction.
That's where all the neighbors can go up and socially, and make activity such as running a two kilometers in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and that have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had great amounts of very bright hair and a little landscape of laps, cute -- it was super strong for the states, very good for organized.
I ended up that year, and I was full of cells, until I took my sinister plan.
One day I left a time after the school coming out, I was a little bit late and hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the cost was lasted, he went out, walked into the classroom, took my teacher from my teacher the book of calculations.
And then I did.
I alter the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just some of them.
All the ace --  And I was willing to return the book to the box, but to see, some of my other fellows had very good notes as well.
So in a free, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the lines of God and myself a row of that, just to be there, because I could.
I was still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was desperately obvious.
They never found me.
But most of all, I worry about the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good at organization.
I was intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so fewering.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates. The blue birds are very property.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of hunting in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory that the cells are studied in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no rut, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen infection, no observation."
There would be no king king or "The 1,000 and a night.
There was no Shakespeare.
You would download the reading list of high school readers because we would be losing "The Norden and the Foundation" -- there would be no Gabby or "Finger." We would lose "Made Boylon and Anna K."
No cells, no Prosthesion. I know it's fashionable to say that Protein has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the rut, it almost has all of them.
This year it takes 100 years of their master work, "In search of the lost time, the most successful study of sexual cells and also of ordinary connectivity, mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prost, we have the mental details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a membership magic in your leverage.
We forgot about how hard that image is.
We forgot about what it is.
That is, it's books that Virgin Woods said were as hard as a cat trick.
I don't know how a cat trick, but we assume it's surprise.
Let's see why they go so well, the novel and the cells -- the skies and the Prostate.
Is it very obvious like the cells, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impacts, are a solid narrative base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time being narrative and audience, we know exactly what details include -- to remove the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Protest understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give another one, maybe right now."
And it starts telling himself that story, and since then, Protein says that every fresh love that is in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Steven and Prostheshi, they were notoriously celebration.
You know, Proudis boys would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so happy to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The cells are addicted.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells like?
The cells get rid of information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small standard of pencil standards.
The cells are from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --   Protest links the language of the language of the cells.
When Steven is in your skin of jealousy, suddenly listening behind the doors and the bribe to the services of his lover -- so it depends on those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think that this is representative, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monument."
He says, "It's scientific research with true intellectual value.
Protein is trying to prove that the skies look interactive and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth. In fact, what Protein concentrated, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, humiliation, loss -- these were the pathways towards Prostate wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, it makes us suffer in us a lot more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested in it."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us to ourselves.
Is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that gives us our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights.
Any other emotion that taught us to look at such peculiar intensity.
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very unusual young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman would scan it.
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man, who didn't look at her wife.
So she was innocent." Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspect without any cause.
But he was looking for things that did his wife, without realizing it, involuntary behavior.
Too much -- or have it accidentally rolled with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the subject of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become the resident of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in news.
A woman of 183 year-old microbial was captured by having a fake account in Facebook since she was sent to message messages, horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year. All year.
She was trying to inspire the new girlfriend of his boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration as well.
Because we're realistic.
How big -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patrick Highways.
Hickstar is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Really in a Tree, and "The Taliban Mass Rille: Levia," books that are trying to do the cells, confused our minds, and once we are on the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drilled in a second.
Let's take Tom Rilling, his most famous character.
Tom Rilley is going to be willing or wanting what you have to get away from your self and to be able to get you out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings, you empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Rilling.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I would like to do.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in pieces of jealousy.
I mean, are we good citizens from social networks, where the currency is envy. Right?
The novels show us the room? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Balfare Street at Baker Street and ask by Shakespeare Holls.
When people think in Hollywood, think of the marketing of the Margin professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the Star Institute," the Sister Face of Star Yard who needs Hollywood desperately needs the Hollywood genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Test needs its help, but the rest of it, and it's burning with anti-in on each of the mysteries of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Avenue of the Six Kaloschens: once you come in, it hurts all of them with his solution, Lester comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not jealous, Mr. Holls.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in Scott Yard who didn't want to hold your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood transported in history. I think this is very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being a research.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the hairs are really a geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist ourselves from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the content plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort ourselves.
Only the democratic fiction is the cells.
And the fiction used to be dominated by the table.
And look at what agriculture -- the Lanser Talk, the addressed Tom Rille, the crazy Stan, the same Marcel Prost.
We're at excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the lander of Apollo 11 and landed on the Sando Sea Sealle.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the surface of the surface was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the crew of Apollo 1.
But before the Processor Apple program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Donal walked on their surface, which Andrew after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they going?
They didn't bring away a lot of the back -- 38 pounds of old rock, and something that 24 would enjoy later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kenya: Some questions, why the moon Moon?
Why do it turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you climb the highest mountain higher?
35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic.
Why is he playing Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Ponguish." For the contexts, the Apollo was not just a glass of the West on the east in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was the ones of wonder to the transfer of the power of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do it.
The land in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tribes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the policies were eradicated and eliminated the smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Takes in 1970 called acceleration force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a candle boat, but in 1969, the crew of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the joy optimism about the power of technology has evolved to see that problems we imagine that the technology would solve as going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure the cancer, or feed the global population seem to have interested in intrigued.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn San Voyager.
I knew that this would be the last local mission, but I was completely sure I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a paradigm explanation in Silicon Valley, which has been created less ambitious than those of the years where Intel was funded and Microsoft and Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer to business.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused them to change the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were on their sharp point without worrying about the risk, they preferred little investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. have always had trouble investing with benefits in technologies as an energy, which need enormous capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because the political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biology, less than two percent, and reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the bird.
We want sources of alternative energy that you can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will incentivize the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and development of energy, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see a U.S. energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seemed technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for time that the famine are the result of failure.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair -- but there will be famine.
Finally, big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1974, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatment.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution: it must be really a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, it meets that crime.
But it's an artificial model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no galaxy competition as in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy that has discussed the hard and dangerous thing, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the ideas that are generated by trust.
They're so common that they've become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there's been a huge decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of the record, why do people think that trust has distracted?
And if I think about it about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it may have gone down in some activities or institutions and that could have increased others.
I don't have it.
But I can turn to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people who are depressed 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same depression.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still pretty confident -- judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly halfway on the way.
But is this enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinion.
What else can you recover?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Did I trust the politicians -- trust the teachers?
Now, if somebody asked you, "Do the green conference?
Do you trust the fisherman?
Confidence teachers in primary?
You probably start to ask, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible response.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some, but in other not."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to restore trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a certain kind of office, function or type of person, is going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, saying I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading the kind of reading.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good inherent judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
And frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is of trust, but not what it isn't.
Ultimately, I'm a particle of not trusting what it's not reliable.
And I think that those people who lay their savings with the very old name of Mr. Madderphens, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more trust is not a smart goal in this life.
Trust dependent or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you tell you, yeah, yeah, it means that what matters first is not trust but trustworthiness.
It's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they complexity? Are they honestly? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competent in the people who are personalized in the particular materials, and it's responsible and honest and then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a conversation of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible for you, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are complex and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter into the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are complex and responsible but extremely destination.
If it is like that, I haven't been haunted yet.
But that's what we're looking for, confident before trust.
The trust is the answer.
Construction is what we need to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accounts of accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will be able to do the part in you."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional institution, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness.
What they do is we do the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, demanding that "make the castles, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
And I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we're going to convey to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or policies are trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what you don't do properly.
Third, task.
To call the task rebuild the trust, it puts things into the back.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be a worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't afford you, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring rid evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can go back without giving any explanation.
I take them and I get the money, or they change them for the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're a confidence of trust, and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing out is not something very difficult to disclaimed.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that imagination can be discovered.
This separation has been reducing, getting more and more and more, at a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong appropriate against the screen transfers its physical body to pipped.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool they broke the barriers down.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
On the displacement of Milky Sciences in Microsoft, along with my mentor Grand Bounith, he redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab panels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book of a state.
You can play the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and surrounded things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translated when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like this?
In the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator Remorniur Post, we created this only physical pipeline.
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer and users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was we announced gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detector action.
And when we program the object, we release it from the residents of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and forth in the physical world.
You can teach you physically and distance and the famous take Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monsters or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hunting, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the payment spending.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a central path to happiness -- a safe job and a remarkable job.
No matter if the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start to train from very young to learn the acceptances, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
Until I wrote the director of school and the introduction of a radio program.
But no adults would thank him the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved for another voice.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I took the books.
"Only Food of Santa Chapes Sisters of Stone Chinese) I came to America in 1995, and what was the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese monetary life.
And it's not proposition provider.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reveal, "Hole your father and your mother."
"How," I said, "It's so different, and much better than going out."
And so it became my tool to get out of this completely confusing trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my comparative reading habit too.
He brought a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassionate reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two to two.
You can treat people Brown Frankline -- "John Islamist from David McDonald's who were involved in one of them, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological -- lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Change Todo" Thomas Watson instead of lost in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happy in Chinese literally means "flexible fashion."
And "go in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I will not feel alone or impossible.
Having a desert dream is really not compared to what many other people have been.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
So far a desperate dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to the books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first piece of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in Cedal psychology.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session using vacuates and a hole top, threw in the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so posted.
My class roommate had a piece of piece as a first client.
And I took a sentence that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, I became easy to just move the head while we went back to the solution.
"The Thirds are the new severe" -- he said, Alex. And so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you have kids later, you have kids later, you have kids after death after death.
For ventries like Alex and I had a time of surveillance.
But shortly after, my therapist introduced me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant me.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with guys under your category, you come up with a horse head, but it's not like he was to marry him."
And then my supervisor, he said, "Not yet, but maybe he married the next thing.
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it goes out."
This is what psychologists call a "Hello Momen."
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 2012 be a pause in their development.
This made it that the 20th of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and its loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of the goods of all sides.
There are 50 million people in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think that no one gets to the adult without spending before by the time.
Hands up if you're in your 20.
I want to see the versions here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with ventures, you love a sentence, you remove the dream a sense, I want to see. It's good.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Hey," that shapes his life will have happened when you're 30 and so on.
People from more than 40, they don't fit in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money you will.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20, and it is represented for adults, which means that if there is something that you want to change themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 than any time in life, and we know that female fertility gets to its tape at 18, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment when your daily life and the common life has a dedicated impact on the person who will become turned out.
But what we don't really hear is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the views are listening.
newspapers talk about changes in the line of adult time.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are charged by the researchers like the "Technologies" and "The Rocketts."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Lewis Berlin said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think happens when you give you pairs to a sentence in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and nothing absolutely happened.
And then every day, you see intelligent, interesting like you or your children and your daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "All say that while I start a career before the age of 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are to finish up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dating during the 20 were like chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 30s, the music took off, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be standing, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the versions here?
Don't do that.
Well, that's a little bit extreme, but you don't get wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30s, there's a huge pressure to the three, and so many of you will start a career, choose a city, pick up a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter time.
A lot of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the time.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of terrorists and currents look at themselves, and I, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the views are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it could be.
It's a story about a woman named Emeria.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a word.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more time than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even more difficult.
It was often raised in our sessions, but then she was raised by her when she said, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new director for directors and had spent every morning filling it up with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words "The emergency cases, please call a ...
I was at the point of history when he saw me, and he said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a automobile accident.
Who is going to care about if I give me cancer?
At that time, I cost a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a space that really was worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decades of Emma was going in front of it.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the sudden, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and got identity capital.
On the identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be next.
I didn't know the future of Emmanuel career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal, from that company that they want to test.
I'm not designing the exploration, I am designing the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's promoting.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would make them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to take to the airport, but the people who join friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will get almost always comes from their closest circle.
New things come from what's called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the ventures have a bad job, or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to color this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is a way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a verb, Emma soon will choose her family -- when I have a partner and shape her own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose her family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or you go on now when everybody in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just to make it work or kill the time you choose them to you.
So what happened to Emmanuel?
Well, we looked at that director and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married one with a man who elected constantly.
I love his new career, love his new family, and sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with versions.
It's very easy to help them.
Ventures are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, who come out somewhere from the West.
Right before the launch, a slight adjust in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Finance.
In the same way, at the age of 21, to 25 and even at 25, a good conversation, a good development, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
So here is my idea of spreading all the people you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling you as Emma every day: The three are not the new 20, they collect their adults, they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful job in general consulting for a job that was even more surprisingly, the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh degrees in public schools in New York City.
And as any professor, I applied tests and testing.
You give them tasks.
When the work went back, I calculated the grades.
What I called the attention was that the C wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have any space parts.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, safe are hard, proportional, decline, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time.
And after several years of doctor, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
Is the C. But what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn a quick and easy way?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging stages, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Poet.
We tried to predict what chains they were going to be in the military training and who would be returned.
We went to the Detective National Congo. We tried to predict what children are going to be able to do in the competition.
We study the non-state teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking ourselves what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning their students?
We partnered with private companies, wondering, what about these marketers are going to keep their job out of work?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a characteristic came up with a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good approach, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Development is passion and perseverance.
Development is to have resistance.
Development is clinging to its future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Development is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a very speed race.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my detection questions and then wait about more than one year to see who are graduated.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate them, even when I took them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like the family income, the results of standardized test, even the security that the children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the Determinant National competition where the determination matters, it's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little bit of science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop performance in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job ethic.
How do you keep them motivated for the long prison?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I do know is that talent doesn't give them determining it.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly delivered or is even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing performance in children is something called growth mental."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol December, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change the effort.
Dr. Delhi has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to write, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a card, one of my most stressed memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an official, it seems to be as impossible as the Great Muslim China.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can go down this multiple, so that I think I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this landscape that can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus understanding the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides as if it was screaming in a frontal way, "August." I'm burned? This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a number on the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks for a lot more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that is to follow.
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the numbers.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an identified."  Easy to remember, because a particular tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is to burn it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two seconds together, I do.
Three together, those are the strings.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the shine.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes up on the horizon. She will admire.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the front of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, asking questions.
Touch, have anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, standing up, bringing.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have care is an adult.
So we've already happened for almost 30 characters.
By using this method the first eight radical ones will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort. They will be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after I met the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the sun nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin. Because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached to the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese emperor would decrease their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a roll.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I can see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children -- when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Ostability Magazine together.
The film dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glenn, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variety.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy specialist.
But the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took four years later with content, curiously another movie whose prototypes, a metal of metal and a young boy rescued a girl dressed as the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There is a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the ozone magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the May of Oz was done today, the magician would say, Doron, you're the salaries of Oz as the profession predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the male computer computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters and the most healthy characters are women.
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the superconducting level had gone down.  So he woke up in the room and she was impressed as a mother leg with his patent behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but inevitably, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it does.
Would you be issues of value, perception and language?
Would you feel that Luke is one to an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1980s magician.
How do you win Dorose his film.
By making good minerals with everybody and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow OK, OK? And not a world of men who fight -- which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital Force Fox -- force in the movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow barrels?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Lester Leigar didn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults that are microphone.  I think at the time of the first kiss.  I think that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My quest has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why do you keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on defeat the violin and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and defend the principles of Disney before any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they are kids, not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend from the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real, and lovely like Herman and Katrina, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all times continues to get classic after classical after classical -- each one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who came up with a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when it came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let them stop it.
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Bell test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
She hasn't yet taken out the roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alistan Bell is a comic artist, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the evolution of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you need to do: In the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the film.
Their conversations are about something more besides the guy that they like it?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality movie, Arabia.
Right? Overabagus Rumbers, tape success, a consensus idea of what a Hollywood movie is.
Virtually the Beatle test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the crisis of the researchers.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, right?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women who have recently chosen for Congress, so it's fine.
But there's a larger number that this is going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said: what he said:
One in the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the videos of music or pornography are closely linked -- but something kind of wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual artists.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What do you not learn for?
Are you looking at the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we assisting that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our device as being powered power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask yourself, to be able to ask you, is going to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, Nelocal list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children to a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of the masculinity is radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care about home and the assault.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what her favorite character of Star Wars was able to say?
Obali.
Sonotoisa and Glenn.
What are these two two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is told to my son -- "Go and fight only and more stories where you see that their work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and be better people, like the May of Oz magic.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I really liked was to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contacts.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love by the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying eggmentalism, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to look at another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared use.
This is a place located in the Eastern Earth of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be brown to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptian ones.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Tatara, lost for thousands of years.
The capital was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The garments have always known that It's a portrait that I was located somewhere near the particles of the two kings that they built them, put into the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge planning planning.
This area is enormous, it measures about six times a mile at a time.
Before, the Nille Flow right next to The Islam and as it changed over time, he went through the east and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a Swedish city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a paper, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves of baseball.
So, we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where it flows the Nille.
But you can see more determined, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, we think it could be the location of The Islam.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs -- you can see it here.
When I say show you, it's like the show of show in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human compassion.
Five meters down, underneath a thick thick layer, we found a dense layer of climate objects.
This means that in this possible location of Tatara, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Tatara.
We also found workers of weight: correlation, quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry shop that shows that what I've been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Italian here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Tatara 4,000 years ago.
And sharing knowledge is most of all vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 Dr. C.
It makes ideas happen, really started in 1984 to C. in a lost city for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now visualize a group of obese nodes in bicycle.
They're competing in a control of bicycles and they're going to address their entrance door.
I need you to look at this.
They're putting strong, they're supporting, they go a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on top of them, rains from the wheels that end up in absurd places. They spend the threshold of the door.
On the lobby, the hallway or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the shine light of the Golden Money.
You're waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that he talks about.
You can feel your blue pilot making them balls in the nose.
You can smell the oats.
They go on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
It's with little clothes, dancing on his center in the center -- singing "Hi" on Mind One More Mine."
Now take me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven, and they come to Your Dorogene, the Moraline man and the Spanish and Lesten of "The Mass of Oh, arrived from your hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes to each spring in New York.
It's called the Media Memorial Chamber."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a deck of battery.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England, and he has one of the best memories that have been trained with.
I said, "Hey, when did you realize you're a bathroom?"
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved with this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to make these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cicken used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I not hear about this before?
We were standing out of the room of competition, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit excited, said, "John, you're a American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spanish?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Spines how to memorize order in a live living deck in the national television.
That would test the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spanish, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential might be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Essent.
He's amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem. It's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pennsylvania. He was based on Dutch Homo role in the movie "Rain Man."
We spent one evening, in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized phone guides -- was feeling.
And when I went back, I read a number of treated memory about the written memory something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and growing wasn't such a rare thing as it can be seen today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to actually provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
We have changed culturally, and I would say that we have changed as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this complex competition of memory.
It's not really so smallpox. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structural or anatomical different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of them.
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compared them.
When they put them into a MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of sentence copy -- they found that in memory champions they lit parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect they used or seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Predome, three times.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 based baby balls that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 445 high binary digits.

And as there's a lot of ways of remembering things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call the "restrictive code of computer.
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the Baker Park."  I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you that there's a man called Balfore."
That's his line.
And then I ask them, remember there's a bag of balloon."
And when I go back later, and I ask you, "Do you remember that word I told you a race?"
Remember what was it?"
The person who was told that their name is Bali is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said their job is baseball."
Same word, different memory capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bald, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "bassed." We know panels.
They use simple white hat.
They have sand in your hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting some sacred biologists to fish them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data of 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the machine paralyzer."
The story says this: There was a poet called Sydnes that used a band.
They had hired it as an entertainment because before, if I wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DVD to be hired to a poet.
He stood up her memory poem, and she stopped, and so soon it was, the battery of the band collapsed out.
Tell them all.
But not only killed them all, but it shattered the bodies by leaving them argument.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So they could not be able to bury the bodies out.
One tragedy behind the other.
Sexual, standing outside, in the middle of the rubble. In the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it was sitting sitting sitting sitting there.
He took the family of the hand by taking them into where their loved ones were in between the rubble.
What Sydnes managed at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions words for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and excessive space.
If I asked you to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Sydnes, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the horse parallel in their slide, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory part of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and the power of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and deceptively, funny, strange and sad is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, at the first time.
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it out of memory, the same way you have done it if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on your door in your house.
And to do some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and obvious image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely insulation.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Monterey Monterey Mountain Mostane on Missian Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Springs to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth subject you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help you remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for words, which is going to confuse them, but typical percent.
In fact the term "American," comes from the Greek "there's the Greek "fluid," which means place."
It's a reputation of when people thought about the organization and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, would be as the first place in its memory palm.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got filled with it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this computer memory subculture substance.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a potentially boring event.
So seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on testing. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is mass in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in your place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school aquarium bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entrepreneurial, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, prototype, insulations, absolutely amazing -- in the eye of the mind.
I was really hooked.
This is me, using my standard standard of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving just two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could enter a kind of participatory leadership experiment.
I thought this could serve a good epidemic for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build the parts of memory or memorizing bathrooms -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate donor, but it's not the case.
The big memories educated.
The most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus on a deep basis.
The memory palm -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They provide a kind of deep processing process, a whole kind of thing that most people don't go through by exercising around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things get memorial.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what Essentially, the atomic that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence by losing in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we going to be so molight that we don't even bother in processing in profound?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N, Jersey, I was six years old and lived there at my parents' home in a village called Liberia, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a battle that I gave to the living room.
And there all of them spent the moment looking at the web, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all see me, and every time I heard and I wrapped into a towel. They all see me.
And I was like this.
I was tourist, and I was hated and hated it.
I hated that road, hated that battle, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Really.
Those feelings, those emotions I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or zones of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, which we feel in the places we make.
And it's no wonder that we feel like that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it evidences you, you think of power, self-replicated and democracy.
And I know that you think about it as a building in a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a trigger that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the urbanizations and the governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Lifesavica that ended in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red, red brick -- that let the Line try to communicate with this building?
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the principle of the public.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new populations, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We drive, we drive and push so much that we get completely away from people.
All black -- this depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on to the other side and go back to those symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transistors, so we start to experiment again, we make the public back back back and forth over and over again, and so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the drug called bribers.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in a desktop scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the public back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that we like and we update them.
We add and we add pasters and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give it yet.
We take Christmas drivers and convert them into skyscrapers that can be massive match facts.
The forms were sure, they won in audacity and colorful things.
The links became columns.
The kids grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a bread of bread.
This is what happens with pollution.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we have memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tonius.
This is Ohio.
architects are frustrated and we start to make the public self-interest in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called development call.
We downloaded the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques that are done by computers, and we find new components -- some ways that are stars in other ways.
This is academic and email, and it's super impossible. You get totally excluded.
Normally, the ocean pollen again in the opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guitaran of Bilbao by Frank German.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gold said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times called this miraculous construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media got around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes would mean culture and turbine.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turbine.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new millennium, with other star architects.
I happened to Zalopla and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to go through all architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated -- you can take a ship, an airplane, can be tourists.
You can see it in the newspapers, and you can see in the newspapers, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not very much time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight or 100 buildings more, before you know whether the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we meet buildings like this.
The brutal was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were detecting them.
That will never happen, I think, because we are in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or the steel or the elevator.
My theory is that when you apply the police to the media, it starts to swing up faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in simultaneously, and it effectively describes the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Pennsyls in Fish Island in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was gone, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, because these are not just images of a building, the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corrections with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us each other about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Liberia libraries.
If that building is built today, first of all, we go to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, innovation about what a library can be.
Those are monolides.
Musicians that can lead to the mayor of Lifesavica, to the people of Lifesaverne, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what it can be a library today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use familiar words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a developed audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means the scale of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city in Seven can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will ultimately be ready for the ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are going to move into the whims of nature and not against the reverse.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or game, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, is no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little band of renewables, so muscle and finance like the animals that you're going to observe.
Because no longer matters whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make buildings more ecological buildings and smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
They find an architect, hold it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they are shaped to the smaller spaces, the local library, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children in a year, as if his body was moving too quickly for his legs.
It's totally gorgeous.
And one of the things you like to do at the moment is look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflex.
It goes and chicken and it gives itself those big, big kisses and humors.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me I used to do it, and he made me think, when stop doing this?
How do we suddenly have a deal with our appeal?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google -- "Am I a deep?"
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old and lives in Deneroschen.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be dear and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit scary. It's a little bit confused because even though his mom tells her all the mouse that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or school colleagues say, he doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I a barrel?"
Well, so far, Facebook has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so descended that it doesn't even deserve the person to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current teenager, who receives these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, shot, giving me "I like it, singing, sharing -- publishing it, this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected to it in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It is like a party in his room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go in your hand with that are implemented.
This environment, to be always connected, is managing our kids to be successfully serving in the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no divide between a online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what it is digitally.
What is the most profitable thing in somebody's life versus what is normal in a daily context.
And where are they looking for inspiration looking at the inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are stopped from the news of the girls now.
Zero models continue to dominate our passwords.
The technician technique is now a routine now.
And trends like Stanford, Chuthus, Schroard and Spirit.
For those who know it, supermarket means promotizing.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the super-comics of the sport, and the singers carry.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and are well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, at price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer from suffering.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see nice enough.
These are not trivial activities.
These are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and how they contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class debates. They avoid participating in the classroom arguments, because they don't want to call the attention for their physical side.
One in five are not attending classes at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see it good enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a smaller note at the average of your fellow fellow who don't care about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it becomes irrespective of what you actually weigh these young people.
So, so that it's good for us, we're talking about as you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem over his body is decreasing academic performance.
And it's also drawing health.
The advanced teenagers are doing less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet that can take them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they are in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, drastic diabetes, aesthetic surgery, sexual relations to early ages and without protection and automobile damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing into the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they're overweight again, regardless of whether they have or don't have greater rates of access.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in one day that they don't feel secure with the way they look like.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that happen?
It will release this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first is that we have to instill trust in its own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial game points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us who take the risks in the subject and we're a better model to follow the women and girls in our own lives.
It's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the ability of our politicians in coral cortils or the size of their chest, or insisting that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you were kissing a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our kids grow up valuing all their people, valuing the individuality, the diversity, the inclusion ...
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a personality.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them the ones who come out on the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they can never be who they are, or reach out what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Is it the wife?
Is it the sister?
Is it his daughter.
Is it suit? Is his friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if he was liberated from that automatic voice inside of his interior, who was attached to not having long legs, more delicate miles -- smaller seals, smaller feet.
What would it mean for her if we were going to overcome this, and we would be able to turn it into the potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is giving us all of us.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's teach that the way you see is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is we love them for whom they are, and what they do, and how they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little trips of a year of age today become agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Switzerland will come into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Masley Kathalaxis, the leader of Defense Judy.
They initially declared it innocent. But being prepared by other minor charges in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synagogue, the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later, I would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Schwaring is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, elementary school teacher. Between the two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few even most Muslims come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion in every single human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so often clinging to their convictions that think that you have to use all the media possible for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he felt with me and explained that in the last few weekends, he and some friends had been going to train training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Court Calide police who, without knowing our group, was released by the FBI.
When I took my father off, my father helped me hold the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot gave to the little orange light on the goal and to surprise all of us, especially me, all the targets in flames.
My uncle turned to everybody else, and in Arabic, he said "Abe Abu Buddhist."
Such a parent, such a child.
All of all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it was so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a van in charge of 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the North Trade Center in the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and took to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them a mom, which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved to me 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone already was time to empathize and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class was often victims of materials.
I felt secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new of the class, silence and regulatory, was enough monarch.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons I did not develop social skills, to say it safe, to grow under familiar, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they tried to think about my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a prehistoric program that he involved in the National Journal Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on juvenile violence, like I had been victim victim almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different processes.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish age.
I took several days to go out of the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was a shared.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardas, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures. That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexual was a sin and by extension, all of the gay homosexuals were bad influence.
By accident. I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical ones that I had ever seen in life.
Having been under a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat friendly people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be gay, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the "David Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me inherently honest about my intolerance, and it helped me see that people's race or religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my pattern in a moment where I was desperately necessary.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremist, wasn't in a game.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that I would preserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who's suffered enough with endless drug and said, "I'm tired of hate.
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zapa Earth.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
Why did I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone is trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, which even though I was conditioned to this violent ideology and international, I didn't get to make a fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against the predators.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
Because of the victims of terrorism speak, against those meaningless acts, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple one I show here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
Right now, there's a film that's projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multitasking movie.
It's in 3D and it has underground sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has army, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It's got emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as the moments of your childhood that are projected in front of your eyes.
And it constantly has a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in directly.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Every one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie itself, you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that process what we receive to produce results without experiencing the internal film.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective for nature.
Consciousness for nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because most of the 20th century, I learned that vision.
psychology looked at the behavioral behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvan said, "Now it's the moment for science to transcend consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of science in recent years was the search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better -- for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations here.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
There are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't address the true central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie here?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like empathy, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical scripts are all of the emerging behaviors, how the employees work, how the hurricane works, how they breed themselves together, they adapt and metabolize the living organisms, all questions about the objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomena, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behaviors are accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergency, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the administration that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stop at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We get used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas. I think we need ideas that will seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no such problem as hard to consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective function, the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental legs, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explained in terms of any more basic one.
On the contrary, they look fundamental, and that's where the world is constructed.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is alarming.
In the 19th century, Maxore discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of previous fundamental concepts in terms of predictable fundamental concepts -- space, time, News, laws from Newton, and then it puts the basic laws of the extension, and it puts the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws governments.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of predictable fundamental ideas, space space, time, mass, load -- then because of the logic question, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be applied to the awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens the path to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes.
physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can kill them in a record.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can kill them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called pesticide, "Panel everywhere, percentage by mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes from Rob Kinschenn, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when he thinks "Hey, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never melt and smell the roots."
No, no.
But the thinking is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude feeling, subjective sense, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy.
How did someone think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us, it is much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there's a process of information, there's consciousness.
Complex information processing as in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called a chip, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of child, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a measure of information integration -- just like quite significant.
But when you get to the books, microbes, particles -- the degree of the decade of the dog.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In the Tony theory, there is still a different level of awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of light, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that percentage can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of equations?
From the bureaucratic vision the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire into the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of advertising.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be altogether.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so I had to be vegetable.
If you're a piano and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that it tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural asking for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samara in the "Hello Mell."
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of painful information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you set up very serious ethical problems about the ethical development of smart computer systems and the ethics of them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collection, the planet.
Does Canada have his own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk -- right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies in each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to be taken seriously.
So this basketball view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer to the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is a universal thing.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how do those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally figure it out.
Understanding consciousness is the true key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in victory.
He had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to dream for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's really nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's hair and spent a lot of time looking at the series, "The Valential Simulator and Data Creator."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school in Mellon, just after about 20 minutes at the 11 classes of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your speech?
And I said, "What discussion disappointed."
Well, I had been talking about the law of dialogue for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiration things in school?"
Usually in the acts room.
And it was then when I realized -- this kid had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration.
And we don't. And it's not a blame of the guy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for them to inspire you. Right?
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid I'm striking away.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in relation to disability.
Yeah, you have sold the lie that disability is Malai -- the mass, My massage myself.
It's something wrong and living with a disability makes you exceptional to you.
It's not something wrong and it doesn't make an excellent thing.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You can have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is "increased."
Or this one -- before I leave it, intent it."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with cardiac fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn term delicious, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we choose the disabled by the benefits of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, however bad my life is, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you are that person?
I have lost the number of times that I've been passionate about trying to express that they think I'm brave or an inspiration source, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is a cost.
These images, those images are comparing people with disabilities.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns into perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We heard some things.
But the things we assume is not the things that you can think of.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "paradoxed" people, deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live with our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very upset with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're simply using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to share them in the way we do that, when we share those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspiration -- he says it as a complicated.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by hitting the inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Steve, you're not sometimes inspired by anything?"
And actually, I know that.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, not learning that I'm more lucky than them.
So learning that this is a great idea to use some barback pictures to collect the things that fall down.  So I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that expands and cost us.
I really think that the lie that we've sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lie is because it's not true because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smile to a ladder rate has never done that it becomes a campaign.
Never.   Singain in front of a television screen will not be able to appear the substances for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and dragging a positive attitude to convert all those books to the brick.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Musical Simulant Do not consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have such low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree boy in a high school school in Melon is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheels.
Discovery doesn't make us excellent, but question what you think about knowing about it -- I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a global logical cart?
Unfortunately, today I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so please don't disappear.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about "Minority Report," and in Tom Crist by having the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality is increasing to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality.
The first step, it's what I wear -- the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glasses are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional display in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is run by the game of play at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 10-year-old man chasing us, trying to apologize with all of his being.
I've been there and assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL practices, because the idea of the NBA of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klappy: Come on.
It's horrible to be tangled.
A moment. Let's get a little bit.
Did you ready?
Go!
Chris Klappy: As you can see, it's a proof of what it is to be tangible in the football field from the personalization.
You may have realized that people lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, short of the University of Washington.
Field Marine: Rational Maxter: Rational Maxos Raping."
Blue eight, Blue Eight. Go!
Chris Klappy: This is a little bit more about the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and you've asked me on YouTube and Twitter on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field marine marketing.
Or from a correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Goliate and Google Glass, how do we get out of fill -- how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called October Right, which surely many people already know.
The Rift Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain performing for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, leaving a tanker with your arm before you run and make an analytically? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Message running through the shell -- launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Federal making a shop in Giver?
What will be your experience when it descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic school."
Maybe they will increase the sales for adults for adults.
But this is not even augmented yet.
It's just virtual reality, RIS.
How do we achieve augmented reality.
We will achieve the augmented reality when the coaches and the man and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like winning. They give them money.
So, here is a quick refresher on the technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore powers put a track of their field marine to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the horses of the field marketing and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see your next player in front of you, in a plastic view that you're wearing -- you won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parties they wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a manual of strategies better.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would it do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner corner having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the catastrophes and the accelerators, something you're already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have a overload of information.
This difference to the good teams of bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your recovery, and data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would have imagined. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the country?
Imagine you are the field marine.
You get the ball and you get back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a flower on the left side of your bombsight is being thrown out that a defense behind you is going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the RSW system will warn you.
Add to the protection area.
Another flower leaves you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the ball.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your bombsight an area of grass that's lit and can modify the race.
You know, it grabs the ball and running and anger.
The public comes up and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we just going to use it just like bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sporting lights.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how bad their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being purpled by being purple?
How much is it going to be for a Hamana commander or a Deneros Dean Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of terrorist notes and Kars?
Ladies and gentlemen, reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depends on, as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years I happened to kick the southern end of the Marine County, including the Golden Gate Bridge bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known as a completely famous view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Streets, engineer chief who had been able to build the bridge, he said that, "The bridge is essentially proof of suicide.
Sustainability from the bridge is not practical or probably probably.
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will lead you to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, such that every one from he frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that spend under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body is hitting the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones -- some of which are missing vital organs.
Most die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally fall out in the individual water and then they hot.
I don't think that those who control this method of suicide is aware of the death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 polio steel inches to the bridge.
This is where most people are in before they get out of life.
I can tell you about experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back over the block.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officials as well.
We have come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new office.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year, when I got a call from a support suicide subject sitting on the edge near the center.
And when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge Beatrice.
Jason was only 32 years old, and she'd flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
So remembering the Greek mythology. Ze created Pandemic, and sent her to Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandemic, and she opened the box.
She came out of plants, penguins, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and isn't there hope?"
He stopped a few moments, leaned on the right, and it was.
This little nice, smart man in New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to Jason parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day the family of the family called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had asked him.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I posed these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved outside outside?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, not only have to speak, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame or tell the person who you know how they feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them is, "Some of you in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life -- you've had these thoughts?
It will confront the person in front of the front of the front of life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- impossibility, believe that there is nothing you can do about it: the social signal -- and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin, I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb -- but noticing more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Petracuary to San Francisco to see the 1980s with his father on January 19.
It never got there.
I called the Polarizer police and reported it as a disappeared night that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and informed me that Mike car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to 185 o'clock in the late day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are for your struggle.
The GG: Goldie Golden is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and turn the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject in the sidewalks of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bertie, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed immediately, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next time, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided by his account that day back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that made you go back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You heard me.
And let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to fix them.
"Dear Brazil -- nothing will erase the events on March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was climate for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unaware of all those healthy traits -- but thanks to God, we know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
So thank God for you.
Single-state with you, Nervan Bertie."
And at the end she wrote, "Police." When I visited the General Hospital General San Francisco that night, you signed up like the patient.
"I would have to solve it.
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
It speaks openly on the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Sustainability is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was sale with poison.
That act, despite its own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about beating another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
It's usually achieved only in three ways -- sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called the suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents I have been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
On the final store, he looked at me, and he said, "Vander, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people we get to contact in that bridge is not suicide.
Also, those few that have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second thing they leave from the screw realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, bridge not only connect Mario to San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that each and every one of us should be striving for doing.
Supplies can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you whatever you are, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I am alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had a little girl.
My foreign finally came up with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will refer to you later when I look at this picture I think, and I think about it, General General, you get it.
But last October. I discovered that I am just starting.
We all hide our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to liberate to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who are always challenging the status quo -- which is considered to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this limb is called revealing.
This is mine.
I was registered as a child, because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always had this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always wearing that shirt in your head."
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to surprise me.
The gender has always considered an impressive fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious, really.
Because of my success, I never really dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be bad, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate those of us.
Every day I appreciate being female.
Mom and dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess from the kids.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines that I celebrated these mystery.
I was in front of the stage and remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing man, I met this woman called Tulley.
It's the director of a transportation component.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in beauty concept."
He told me that if he was involved with the inspiration fees and the window, and that night, he won in the bathroom suit, and he was going to go through the third of over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a brain of beauty of transportation -- but I can.
I also met the dance goddess -- especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001 my mom -- who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my application of the green card that could go to live to the United States.
I was resistant me.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and he said, "You know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?"
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested I put two "Oh," to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operated in Thailand at 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious surgeries and sophisticated surgeries and secure.
At that time, in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before we changed the name and gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the Gene name and the Fedezy Fierce.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity documents means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel a dignity.
Suddenly, my fears looked across ministers.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of moment Alashate Nelson.
A young woman in New York who really lived his truth, but he was willing to end her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global revolution by the Congress Day Day Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, I am coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day no longer there is no longer 20 from November anymore.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rockett: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my bloods.
To my speed network, my parents especially to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women who are young women who have oriented, and sometimes when they call me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman."
Sometimes it worked, other no. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
That is to say, all of us are assigned by birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that some times that assistant analysis, and that there should be a space that would allow people to actually actually actually address, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transitional movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. LG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally are known for their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007. And when they were pushed in their efforts in 2011, when we got the National Prize Prize Prize propeller became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm her father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when he was born a child, his birth doesn't get celebrate.
It's not welcome. Not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes from the mother to the mother and nobody happy.
And a mother is really overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first girl, the first daughter gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it concluded, and with a child, when he throws his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter when it grows, it suffers as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school addresses his siblings.
Until the age of 12 years old, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it comes to 13 years when it comes to 13 years of his house without a male acceptance.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It turns into the call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transported the code of that honor, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor code, not only affect the life of a girl, also affecting the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's a norm of the patriarchal societies called education.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very substance.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want to.
If you marry a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, he has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be talented of desperation.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it design.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet: "The home, the launch, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same level of energy to his daughter and the same honor lesson.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malaway was born, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newly born boys, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Mandela, and I called my daughter like this for her.
But when I left, all of them were men, and grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote, "Madd."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years ago, I managed it in my school.
You may wonder, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I have to mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In school means the recognition of your identity and its name.
An administration to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I got the Canadian visit, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the readers of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters nor his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and saving my daughter.
I used to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi.
I've improvise all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
It used education for empathy.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the sandwich call.
Serious brothers and sisters, we fought more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and particularly for women's rights.
It was called the logical.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political activity, economic and social.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the little girls and the killed singers and the killed singing singers.
They suffered millions of them, but a few of them talked about, and it was terrifying to have around those people who killed and remove when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At 10 years old, Malawi stood up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, was offered herself for the New York Times, and I spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a climate around the world.
And that was why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine of October in 2012, shooting them into the head.
It was a fake day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "I should blame what happened to my daughter to your daughter.
And he said, "Please don't blame me.
They had the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protected.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and he had severe headaches and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained himself.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my sugar suggestion and my face in my face.
I'm going to get right. Please don't worry.
It was a company for us, and it was considered us.
dear brothers and sisters, we have learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women's rights, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
It cried when I didn't just have his task.
I fight with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special about my tutor that has made so audacious to Malawi so courageous, expressive and exceptional?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated in the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Mozart group of Google, where I've had a divide to my burden -- the Vietnam X, but all the work I talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you join a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
Otherwise, can you be smart.
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what quantity would take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to keep alive.
More than once I've been saved by bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how little changes in the doses changed my automatic, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried typical doses and chemical chemicals for a man in a several, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always functional, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've known a number of things like this, or maybe some of the versions of it.
It turned out to be an end.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrest.
In fact, I was trying to try and fix a problem that I had in front of it, and it just didn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
It changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neurologists and so forth, I was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my ideas.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference, how do you get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want it? testing new ideas and remembering situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philips like Humbur, Descartes and Hobbes, look at things like that.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are many arguments about how the mind works. To me, it's simple for most of us, mental images are fundamental to creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, it manages to find the point right and I have lots of great mental genes, really violent, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can come to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments that are done by two separate groups in neuroscience.
Both of these used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan made by George Ganishi and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you can imagine, watching that same picture.
The column on the right was being created by the content of the central cord on the left column, you see that the difference is almost note.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost note.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from Jack Gallery lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they were scanned by their brains to create a big reaction of brain reactions before video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain brain information that was described to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer definitions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This gave us balanced.
We're good about making it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in your brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of greater resolution available today, and their resolution became increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is open up the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
Don't offer me for that.
A lot of them are proposing new projection techniques by images, even I -- by telling the recent result of MRI first, we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, more major magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase for thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI was to make real magnets really big, right?
But most of the recent advances in revolution of ingenuity and brilliant solutions in coding and decomposition, in the transmission and frequency receptor frequencies in the MRI system.
At the same time, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequency.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio process, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scale.
Also, we can then divide in layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create increase in the thousands we need.
By using MIT we should be able to measure not only the oxygen fluid, but the hormones and the neutrons that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Do you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options that open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have drugs.
His closet, maybe to tell some person for the first time that love or telling someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation for which you've gone through in life.
Every single drug is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and have come out of that domain is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side White Caparable, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of local military, not radiating my armpits -- I would quote the letters of Eric gave France as a legacy.
And I will be aware of the Holocaust of my short screen and for having my head a little bit, and I would ask me usually a small child, "Hey, are you boys or girl."
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a piece of anger.
The father would uncomfortably open the newspaper and the mother would throw a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I was bleeding inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight me.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?"
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and was about to go full in the female issues on the table.  I had Betty Francisco quote.
Global Sydney quote.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
And then breathing up and down, and I looked at my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist drink, just a girl with a question: Are you a boy or girl?"
So I was going to breathe around and put me out of clips near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a child, and I saw child clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, how you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable piano.
Well, I'm more than a child of a comfortable pipeline."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a stage, please?
And that was it. Just "Ah, OK. You're a girl.
What about the spinal thing I asked to do?"
It was the easiest hard conversation that I ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both of us, we were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some drugs in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or your own or your own.
And surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why I get out of my closet, was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder than saying it's been deceptively?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five years of five years of divide?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard.
We need to stop rating what is hard to us about what hard to someone else to make us feel better or worse relative to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in drugs, and they may make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what your walls are made, a driver is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four years old to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear in a corner of my dark closet, including my graduate garden, and moving only a muscle is the most adaptive thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, strangers that I've spent my entire life in trying to not disappoint them, and now the world turned back into purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for a long time, but if you don't launch that graduate, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the invited people knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies of honor -- in my black dress and states, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were from my parents, people who met me did years old.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Lanka."
And the gay story battle had begun.
"Have, once you were in the Carroid?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Have, you know my statistic Astron?
It's very good and never talked about having a girlfriend."
"Hey, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program -- Will and Grace ...
And you know who loves us? Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discouraged but in waiting to show desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink chips."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the graduate landscapes.
It could have been easy to indicate where they felt looking for.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were enjoying.
And what else can you ask someone, but form?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone I have come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Paris girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the drug. Be yourself.
That girl in coffee had no armor but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be naive, others must know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be direct -- just tell you. Keep your paradigms.
If you know they're gay, you tell it.
If they say to your parents who might be gay, they might keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe wounds -- they have to come up with what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed. But that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dark by running a grave, you must know that we've all been there before.
And it may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bobby. Enjoy the vessel.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote from Steel Dishmanner that the question of whether a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim no."
When Steve Dick wrote this as a critical to computer pioneers like Alan Turkey.
And so, some years ago, I got a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a walk.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you are an alien race that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth, it would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demolish the surface of a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I did several years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines, which were sitting, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be funded by the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years -- is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes of it?
Is there a equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a and = me for intelligence.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a strength, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintaining open choices, with a food force, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future time, task.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintaining open options.
And so, having in account this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence.
Does artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more designer, or entrepreneurs," for their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what if that cosmological connection between entropy and intrinsic intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior isn't only correlated with the production of long-term entropy production, but actually comes straight from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
Surprisingly, English could go through multiple animal intelligence testing, play human games, and even make money by sharing action, all of it without being done to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a standing human without fall, here we see English balancing automatically by using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave English a goal.
I just decided by his account balancing the position.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This capacity of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate pulling out of opposite extreme from a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see English can do a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Englisting is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of point against itself, injuring its potential for play.
So here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly decentralized and keeping the network well connected.
This same network of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see English organizing the routes of a ship of ship, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, English is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discovering and run a compared strategy -- sold in a simulated series of actions of actions, successfully increasing assets under its exponentially.
This ability for risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Watson: What you've seen is that a variety of brand human behaviors such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them are derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the robot term, "Rob Rose" -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be cyber rebelition.
Machines will be lifted against us.
One of the greatest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that the machines become smart and then metal and trying to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, how do you look for goals to get out of this kind of ship?
My equivalent to that statement to pass the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of influence in human history, something between the constant of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, over the last few years, we have expanded our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of other planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the liquid intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of planets besides the distance of the distance between them and their stem star.
Now, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At the same time, this gives hints if these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this tear of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is driving under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
The marine ice and ice ice that have been with us for millennia, are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on a global scale have rapidly opened our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomy.
It studies the ability of the planet influenced by stars, hoping to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the innovative sector.
Now, as a very interested person in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better -- the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world showing this for a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our role as the Curvee transported its surface to look for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Maladoi mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost their ability.
The private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these marine images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked to our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and paintings, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the expansion of the desktop areas of our planet that are still to colonize -- really exhibition places compared to Mars.
Even in the lighter and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen extended by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other drag planets have a big, sad shadow -- the implication and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this influential authenticity of the only planet that we know is truly livable to Earth.
For a lot of that I like the interplanetary exploration, I am in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the real party is going to be a place later in the swimming boats --   Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and land preservation are not contracted.
No, they're actually faces of the same corner: the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world look like alien pictures.
They just find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and injustice areas, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Franklin paradox.
Many years ago, the Enrico East physicist asked me, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Ferriar paradigm is that when civilizations become technological advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I used my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a closed, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a close could take a long time to come in, and I made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was aware of my passport.
It would be expensive, but sure that not more expensive than a close in a middle of the night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was good stop.
I'm a career neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Critical freedom that increases heart rhythm, modulate levels of adrenaline and cloudy the thinking.
And when I got to the design show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in your place, that they avoid that bad things happen.
Or at least if bad things happen, they minimize the probability of it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't crystalize.
I was meeting my colleague Danny Katha, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared me that I had been practicing something called prosperity representative.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kleiger, who had written about this a few years before, known as the pressure.
They all know what the pollution is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the predator, as Danny explained Danny, you look forward and tries to find out all the things that could go wrong, next, trying to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with obvious.
In the house, we will trigger a place for the things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of the important things, where the good, where the fish are, which puts the fruit trees, where friends and enemies live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is agricated in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels.
And if you ask if someone actually did the experiment, they cut the opposite sense of the squirrel and you still could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose car keys, reading glasses and passwords.
So at home, you trigger a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport.
For their reading glasses.
If you want a place and you're scared with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
Take with the cell phone a picture of your credit card card, and you can drive it, password, send it to mail themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the supercomputer.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases correctly.
Cortex is toxic and entertained thinking.
So part of the precose practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is created as a protocell for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
They all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, delight brain.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the color, a state."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today -- even you may know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the status."
But there is a question that you have to do then, a statistics that you should ask of which most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of statistical developing that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's guilt from somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Scalent estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely received, what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Jeremy Group and Pamela Harry, confirmed independently by Blockhel.
I would explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, and it would give brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, 1 chance in 300 of my cholesterol down.
Why not, doctor, give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics more, and it's, "Have it "be "from the side effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating muscle pain and artificial, paralyzed pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking medicine.
But just a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think of clarity.
So think about how it would be used over time, so you don't have to make the root chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the stable.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number required to treat is pretty typical.
For the surgery that is being done in the older men in 50 -- extension of prostate cancer, the number needs to try to treat is 49.
That's how 49 surgeries for a person he's helped to.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the importance or the free dysfunction or the free income, the new land, regular income, fecal innovation.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only last one year or two.
So the idea of the premier is to think about before time the questions that you can plan to do that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases correctly under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems are taken off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. You don't need the digestive system, or the liquid or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast. They could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those stress moments is rational logical thinking, like Danny Katha's and their colleagues have demonstrated them.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defense.
We're all going to fail every single time.
The idea is to think of the future how those fails, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
And reconciling at night in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me in a combination of combination next to the door, with a key door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pati, pound, is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing sadly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a pH in the score, you need to play more safe.
Two peak, even more soul.
Four PC: extremely soft peak."
This is my drawing of a piece of piano," there you see that doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of pilots may be, never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the Albs, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came down during the 1880s, and over time, it mixed with local signs and developed the language that we know today as Albana.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, is as if I lived in an foreign country, following blindly their rules, construction, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound so?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my horses and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't hold the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise in eating the floor of the frame of the front paper."
"No errors, and when you're eating you, you make sure not to scratch the covers on the plane."
This is all called sound store."
Maybe I think of sound label more than the average person does it.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting to nervous the sound, which is for coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: To decide.
TBP, to continue.
TB, to announce it.
You can see that the paradigm has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines are already sound through the subtle borders and bloods.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the story for paper at Albert.
A typical paper has five lines.
However, to me, to do the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has come into my artwork.
Is it going to distance more than art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it in tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and disappear.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a grandfather, it was something from a human person.
And sound is so powerful that it could well be delivered to me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose to be empowered by me.
There's a massive culture around the language spoken in the language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me of equal and becoming my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of Albs.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I asked their voices, I'm able to keep a temporary way of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get back in the forget and have no social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I deeply proved in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Albs.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressed fully in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Albana.
The two are very space and highly modulate that means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how the Albstrorate works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Allan is divided in many different graphics parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger, while you touch the piano -- the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you could just put one key at a time.
However, the Allan is more like a rate, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in Albana.
If only a keyboard would change the agreement, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and term and volume.
In Alberto, by using these different gradient parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is shown in that."
This is the sign of the signal."
I'm watching you.
Looking at it.
Oh, I got stuck.
Okay.
What are you looking at?
Ah, well.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the Albs through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "the "do," the sun comes out and it goes.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights: "Ninth," during the night,  all night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Alberto and how the distance of the body can express changes over time.
For example, one here. It's one hand, two the tables, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago."
Then, happened." (Admired "Age" and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was a time."
Common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "term "member," I automatically think at the same time."
See MS: The right hand, MIT, left hand.
We have the paradigm through your head and the chest.
(Audience: My mountain, "Flight classroom! (Music: Grand shadow: I'm going to teach you a shape of my hand called "all flower closed.
Can you do that?
Every hand in high hands.
Now we're going to do it both in your head as the chest, something like common time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "working in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and seats of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means colonization in the Albs.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's "life" at Albert.
We're going to do the three together.
"Look, colonies and release."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the A.I. is alive and precise, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very cultural world.
And only because the ALS doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the A.I. to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Alex.
The Allan is a rich teacher, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ear, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, they can fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denney Kazaz: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can pull it all up, but then you have to climb it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also expected and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
Time now, I'm an adult and I teach a citizen and invention at Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach.
So as a good citizen, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic today.
It's a strange thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bubbles and networks, to collect those bits of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with age six to 15 years old, we dream of invented a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop store.
We started building this job of work with high portraiting for the very short kids also to participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collected the plastic and reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces, we will only collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform light and web cameras in access and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approached estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "Strangels, with the hope that someone else is best even better.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and pump, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can research my local problem, but my students at Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they go up the Internet, and they hit this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning an oil spill, only using hands, in Sunday, the largest mangrove rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, it's the water that is bathed -- the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown, the mud and the oil also are brown color, and when everything is mixing, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there's a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a first prototype of a symbol that can be stored through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help to identify what's in the water.
We teams this prototype with a sensor and send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can research a problem at the distance -- I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe addressing a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half a half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called teams, and those tsunami teams destroyed several cities on the coast coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant to Furby, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pollution tracks for 1987.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Furby radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Furby every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report the control center, you see the use of different mass.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategy, the internal, etc.
And to do this, we create a reductive map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pieces to represent data in real time of radical, and we spray water to simulate the rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive powder was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and he found out in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got closer to 1.5 miles away from nuclear central center, and with the support help of the area we were collecting sensors from the sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and build us.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so that we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and become the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically you can build almost all of it.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the children of children can actually come back to the help of adults, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: acceleration. Acceleroment."
Seal Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the elderly population by transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles in the neighborhood?
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy that we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the awful truth, because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators stories, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of steel parts, the other of a single silk status.
One of them is synthetic the other one.
One is about the environment, the other one believed it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Milo Angeled said that when he looked at the member of the bribe, he saw a figure that struggled for being free.
The Lincoln was unique tool of Milo angel.
But living beings are not continued.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate them.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made from parts, by setting up the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as analog parts of different functions.
But you don't find an inhabitant material mass in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin cells are delightful with dished pores.
The skin skin is more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other one as a board, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts -- there are no plants.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality by alligation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architects to work right between the cinema and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, moving away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, "Why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they build four disciplines that offer access to access to those tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and my students' hands.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large-scale -- like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a very distant basis that some day not very distant to print entire buildings -- and graphics made of genetically engineered microorganisms, which shine in darkness.
Here we have reinvented the celepton, an architect of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each adult is only unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a flag. This was for a fashion design of Paris with Iraq van Harvards. It's like a second skin made from one piece of piece, rich in the containers, flexible around the waist.
Along with 3D Stanford printing collaborator, we print this layer and false 3D flash between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the 20 microbes resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analogy and synthetic instruments, allows to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair -- a chair at a time, comfortable and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this regional surface pattern becomes hungry.
We print this surface of 44 different properties that vary in rich, opportunity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary their functionality not through the adoption of another material or another mass, but by providing continuously and certainly material property.
But is it the ideal nature.
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and got to define a lot of what matters me.
Like she restores, "In the third day of the creation, God sends the Earth to grow a free fruit tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between the trunk, branches and leaves and fruits.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches and cortex.
The earth created a world made of parts.
I often wonder what the design would be if the objects were made from one piece of piece?
Do we go back to the best state of creation?
So we looked for the public material, the kind of material of the fruit of fruit with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biography on the planet is called the strip, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crab, contributes and butterfly.
We think that if we could tune their properties. We could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marathon.  We asked a lot of shrimp to shrimp them, and we pollen them and we produced compassionate passwords.
Varing the chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple relative extra planes controlled.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photosynthesis that appeared for the first time on planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we put genetically designed bacteria to capture quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh player, and if it expanded even more, to windows.
It was a fragile fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first life forms on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put on the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We are looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the international journeys of life.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic board, we did our own table of elements, new forms of life created computer in an additive form and augmented in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid line, only instead of transferring precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscopic.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbial microbials.
The first one is carcinogen.
He lives in our oceans and the fresh water.
And second, E. collapse, the bacteria that is in the human intestine.
One convert the light in sugar, the other consumer consumption and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the diagnosis of the decentralized, which will help them flow out these bacteria and they alter their function of path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, providing the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another, goes down 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a primate at TED, our first police photographer, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Sheila said, "We are created by fashion cases, only half is done."
What happens if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and opened our bodies out?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do that way.
It grows up. Adam with sophistication.
This carbon capital, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metablous.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through the combination of not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
A act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers to each other.
And this happens through scales.
So silk worm is being learned in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to kill a company of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk whistle, to high school.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the submarine of silk substance.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat plane, not within a box, we realized that it would kill a flat capital and still moved sadly.
So we started designing different environments and different scaffolding and we've discovered that the form, the composition, the structure of the car, is directly transmitted by the environment.
They often take the silk worms to death within their capabilities, their silk is deleting and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape raw silk without boiling a single campaign.
They are saving safety, and we could create these things.
So we used this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hole robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms to more dark and cold areas are using a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or addicts, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the orders.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after you feed it four weeks, they were ready to smell with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding edge, and as they were highlighted, they were crying, they were approaching, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
At the silence of biological silk on the frozen silk silk, they give all this pavilion to its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 65,000 sunfish with 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry that's also the length of the silk route.
The hills, after the scale, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk stick through a robotic arm, the other one full empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products to the products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back to the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we're going to take care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked you, "What do you want to be as a larger?
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked them this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Number three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask it, "What do you want to be as a larger?
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be as a bigger?"
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and killing and art and developed websites, but I played the guitar on a public band called Telephony Fructuation.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, because I have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of adding, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to full.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I let me absorb and I feel like, "Yeah, I've found my monkey," and then again, this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern was very adaptable, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to convert all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all of my other passions, and refuse to go bored.
Another reason why I became so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something wrong in me because of nothing.
I was worried about having a fear of engagement, or to be dispersed, or to make my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something I would like to ask you so much.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We're wondering, "What do you want to be as a larger?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you answer that age.
It is considered an naive question to provoke nice answers in kids like, "Be a "paradox," or "I want to be a picked."
They teach Hall desperate here.
This question is made up over and over again as we grow out of various forms -- pair -- forth, high school students are asked they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a larger?
It's going to happen from being the cute exercise of before the dream.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they could be, it didn't inspire you to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, although they are good advanced and they say, "Oh, what nice but you can't be artists of rape and psychology.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Childrens  and he is violent of rape and psychology.
And this Amy Niger, magazine publisher converted in influence, business and professor and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose them.
But it's more than that.
And the notion of life focused is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vocation, the idea that each one of us has something to be able to be able to get in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But are you somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for somebody like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplexing.
A multiverse is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a book for how to say.
It could help if it divided in three parts: multiple and potential and damage.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar redemice.
During the time of Rentate, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sheria refers to us as a scripts."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptable to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the model as a limitation or an application that you have to beat.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
So here are three multiple superstars.
One: ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
Shah Hunter and Rachel Binica expressed their interests shared in marketing, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, as we founded Messagious.
Messuard is a company that creates a geographically inspired jewelry.
Shah and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the models with all of their boards, they can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multiverse superpower is fast learning.
When the models are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being primary, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we perceived, so we rarely start zero time.
North Dune is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a pianist girl, perfect ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before becoming a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine retail mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launches for the editors of them.
It's rarely a waste of time to get rid of what you get to you, even if at the end of the end.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multi-centric superpower is adaptability. It is, the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abed Cuba is sometimes video director of videos, other websites, sometimes consumer designers, sometimes consumer from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fast Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability to develop in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and probably that they are the individuals and organizations that can lead to satisfying the needs of the market, which will actually be thrive.
Sensitive of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability -- three skills where the models are very habitable, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the models to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiverse right now, and we need no conventional thinkers.
Let's say they're in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscientists.
You don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed from a specialists and a stripped multiplexing.
The specialists can dive in depth and put in practical ideas, and the multiverse offers a broad of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will promote with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multiple multiple people are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you get from this talk, I hope it is this: reconstruct with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the motorcycles in the room, including those who have just noticed being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, recognize with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity through those rabbit drivers.
They explore the intersections.
Advanced our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiple, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1992, a woman named Australian led her to a psychiatric in Francisco.
I was surprised and couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Alex didn't know how to help Australia, but I went through her until she was failed to get it up until 1966.
After his death, Alaska did an autopsiet and found weird plates and spinal plates in the Australia brain, a guy who had never seen before.
What's even more surprising.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alaska gave 115 years ago.
Alexander was Dr. Alexander Alzheimer's.
And Australian Detroit, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1991, medicine has advanced a lot.
And they have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, stations for careers and much more.
But it has been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you expect to live up to 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's being almost one of two every two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or be dear with Alzheimer's people.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its cost is a five times increase in the year 2050, as it comes from the generation of the bomb boom.
It may be surprised by Alzheimer's, but Alzheimer's is one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to combat it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that you can't prevent.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should -- Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years, all of them, scientists are confusing Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sensor in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only looking at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with one of the Alzheimer's patients to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to designing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird spinal piles in the brain of Australian a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami.
There are places in the paper that are periodic.
And when it comes well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left in the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form big plates and lightning.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this discipline works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like to trigger a bomb.
Corrupting a wire could do anything.
Correct others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, the wires have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemistry, physicists and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that specifically blocked this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos from what happened when I test these drugs in whistles.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, have protein molecules that are pasted between each other, as humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they maintain and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 11 years of waiting, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that it grows that hope, to defeat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try to sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have found more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to raise cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too willing to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help talk about them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article on the New York Times column in January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I test it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strange ones are taken to make 36 more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- I really like this -- Tell your partner what you get from him or she -- I know very honestly this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't tell someone you've ever met.
When I got through this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had a chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to get involved.
However, we fell in love with it, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Mola Life column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together?
And the reason I think about this is because they've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been involved to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and I imagined that my article in the New York Times will probably get a few thousand views.
And that led a good attention to a relatively new relationship.
But as it did, I had no idea.
The article came online a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had been called the Toronto Show and the Google Moring America.
In a month, the article got more than eight million visitors and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with sync about its own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: They still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email in my email with the phrase, "Do you still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
And they were from students and journalists and correctly strange things like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked me.
I even gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage, "Hey, "Have Mandela where your name is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the scanning of the response.
The 36 questions seemed to have delivered life lives.
In fact, the New York Times published a complete article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we were both going to make a public emergence together.
I gave up television interviews, and it represents the orders of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the innovative icon of the love process, a range that I didn't feel in the absolute calculation.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but real love, lost love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we keep together or not, and also tell them?
If the answer was no, would it make the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there the research goal wasn't producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called Opera Personal Apparently, progressive and recycling.
Sounds romantic sounds, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were more close to doing it. Several previous studies also used the Protestant Francisco protocol of Arabia as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community -- and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was cited in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with template: I tried the study and didn't work.
He looked aware for it.
And I mean: Do you mean that you love the person who did you do it?
Well, he made a pass.
I think she only wants us to be friends.
And I said, but did they become better friends.
Do you feel that I did get to know better about testing the study?
The approach.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I took the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was looking at a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I got back in science.
I research everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of get the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought if I was wrong with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and just as I felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly -- and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What I look for love is a graph, not just to be loved today and being loved.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because you'll love to make it feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that he asks, still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things complex -- and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it's this: a year ago, a known year and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fell in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing as staying love.
You will fall in love with the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We get in love because we took the choice to be.
And I remember a little bit about reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that was supposed to be.
I don't consider how many times we would have both of us to make that decision, and how many times I will have to keep making that choice without knowing before he will always choose or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and nice and fun, and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really think about.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe happens my life seeking is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end of my article in my item, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lesbian leaders and in some ways I got a genome of the forest.
New York City does a while ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill and a dollar bill and a penguin and a fork on her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat steaming.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got thanks because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all those rare things -- and I was making a boat for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I gave him all the pages and made a kind of curious cell calls to the Agnes Martin style.
Well, my mother has fear to bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite -- somehow it seemed like it increased size, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I did that? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow out transparents, drawing the same way that you do around a card in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own specialist of secretary specifically.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resistance layers.
And it was great, because I started setting exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Schroad.
It was great, man.
At some point I became interested in human form, natural levels of natural levels of natural beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I love me.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to drawing in a window in a window and then in another window and another window and had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using resin, and so on.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, I call the prosperous."
For the prosperous propellane, I was very inspired in "The Garden of December Seconds, which is a painting at the Museum of President in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the professor." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and labels.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this kind of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the flow, ready to suicide in mass reducing in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a story.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The horizon -- the open-source platform of the Darwin -- Wall Bin Laden. There's all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, as well as a kind of mathematician.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he looks at oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of the hand.
Their hands are like balls and looks like a mythological being that keeps Earth and cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the prosperatory."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, it has a tribe, like a bird pile, and spit clouds from this tribe.
It also has a $50 tail of a seal that binds the prosperous."
Anyway, his tail is trying to go through a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden light balloon made from terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball bats from the terrorists.
Very upset to their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called psychopaths.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through means and materials are encyclopedia.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's bringing me years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This is a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest. You can get the entrance in.
I'll get you through the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it has, a kind of anniversary thing.
It's a quick repository of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers you can see.
This is a part of a place for half.
This is two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and come into the head of this strange status.
There is a little forest scene inside the moral condition.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pinar World.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emission, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world -- and a garden.
We lie the box and all the people inside the inside of them with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness and we usually are going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when your head?
Take a space.
But so that this pill has effect against the pain, first of the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and installing system for any surgeon drug to effect on the body.
The development, though, is that when you take it any drug is doubled.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the memory of CDP cells.
But they're also known for their sensitive side effects, in their most negative. Because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they will spread down, and worse even for the time they take to their fate, which is where it's more important, in the HIV department.
These are regions of the body like the lymph galaxies, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is infected and not easily in the blood stream of patients who are subjected to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life by an oral life.
One day, I felt and I thought, "Can we get the treatment directly to the virus of the virus, without the risk of distribution of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use to be used for anything, including the intrinsic transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes that open and close to immediately infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
You may ask, "How is that possible?
We send a little laser and powerful laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is immediately.
We're currently testing this technology or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an incentive in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site.
Finally, the third head, an intent that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you're successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed groups not states, armed organizations like terrorists.
documenting what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to better understand these generators of violence and study ways of encouraging violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to almost everything conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a strike between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21 sectors of peace signed between 1975 and 2011, 16 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we should even involve them or defeat them in any research process of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know all the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the non-state policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Heiping Lebanon, known for their violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Heival has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, Palestinian Hambuarant, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also administration.
So these groups do more than just shoot out.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machinery of communication, radio stations, TV channels, web sites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have IDSA magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without salty, but by deeply business businesses -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
Armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscopic training programs.
Heivan offers all these services and more.
Armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that state is not giving -- security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan dismissed by war or even the beginning of the HIV promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid guys.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and politicians, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can kill them as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Heiping like Heivan?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all its function, pick up the garbage -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a status? Is it a redesignable group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what's IRA?
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East, the more and they fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments because to counteract these groups you'll have to invest more in not military tools.
It has to be in the center of the government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to promote the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but not giving us peace and stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are vehicle, but fear that accepting openly the female label would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I am a bad feminist as well.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminis, and then in the interviews, people started calling the Malaimed Femalescent.
So what started as a personal joke that started to myself and a deliberate cause has become bigger.
Let me give you a step behind.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems like a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I insisted that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an access, a taboo and descended word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I got older, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are reproductive, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same way for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without any need for legislative control or evangelical doctrines or doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identities in account.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expansion of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident. But to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make a bad feminist made.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, I hear music rap for all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women and deeply offends me, the classic "Stem Shadonee: from the YouTube tweets is incredible.
Make it reality with your movement moved.
Earth, give me a death until you hurt the company."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mapped by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all domestic tasks. But also killing insects, the collection of garbage and the care of machine and the maintenance of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Ballett and the romantic comedy and I have some overwhelming fantasies of the fairy stories that make it happen.
Some of my criteria are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge you.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose women.
We solved this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of women's women, workers and gay and transgendered women, helicopters and middle class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist of feminist here.
The next thing happens: as a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put female feminists in a personality.
We expect them to go to the perfection.
When they get disappeared, we take them very much from the same pedal where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I already consider that pedal before they try to stand there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being tagged as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female female, for fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not able to fulfill with a little realistic expectations.
Take Beethoven, or as I call it, the God.
Over the last few years it's a decompositive feminist over the last few years.
In the videos Music Atament in 2014, in MTV in front of the word "Flight Fifth Seal Seriously.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star embracing the feminist and making women know and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud to be proud to be proud to be proud to be proud to be proud to be proud to be proud to be proud to be proud to be proud of.
Over time, cultural critics started international debates if Benjamin was not exactly feminist.
They calculate their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand permanent perfections, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot of us, we need so closely a lot.
We go far beyond the sensory and constructive critic to design the family of any woman, destroying it until nothing is nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We go from recognizing our implications to realize count, go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear decorated music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we exercise change affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does his music have to be so paradigm?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my subsets, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant and also very brave.
Where they are given to the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is volunteered as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as sports -- the Trade de Trees.
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their partners as boat ships.
In any case, the men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participating in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, both to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people."
Those of us who are surely surrounded but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome barriers to decision posts.
Since we are not simple lowers. Without these efforts, without embracing these positions.
We can take these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to the people in the directors and producers of film and music producers and music, CEOs, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also be able to disappear our family, well, bad, or whatever you do.
The last line of my book Malad Femara: he says, "I prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little courageous, another woman could be able to hear and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to think about my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need to be a little bit of a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 137 children in California had to measles for the Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Jungain.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an unfortunate immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse -- the autism.
But a moment, was not the article that destroyed the policy on autism and description vaccines and described and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you believe most smart scientists that the vaccines cause autism is a step.
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it believed to develop their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were still established by three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot out.
Fundamental fundraising organizations like Auto Spiders refer to autism as an epidemic as an epidemic as if I could take care of another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Centers of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like super-comics and a better detection of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't waste a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of her two years old, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to wonder, why were they so reduced to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1950s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and scare of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1943, Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, including people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by holding their hands in front of their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic by frequencies like when he didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kenya speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while it collects references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprisingly, because the Kars from Kanzi for autism diagnosis were very respected.
For example, I was willing to give that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
It was once that he had turned to nine out of every 10 children who were sent by other doctors to his doctor's office, without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not free.
It classify autism as a form of child psychosis, caused by cold parents and desert.
These kids, he said, they've been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are arguing in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before they were two years old.
When his mother put one of his favorite disclaimed, he correctly said, "Beethoven.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills -- adding things like children were simply regulating what they had heard their parents periods, desperate to win their paradigm.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Larry Window, London cognitive psychologist thought the theory of the New York mothers was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susanba.
Larry and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susanball without special education, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Larry and their colleague Judith Gold decided to do something that should have done 30 years ago.
They did a research study of autism in the general population.
They asked a suburb from London called Computer to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw left clearly that the Kanzi model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids could not talk at all, while others were trained in their fascination for astronomer, in dinosaurs or in the geography of reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice and seasonable pictures, as Judith said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the Kongland monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How do no one have ever afford these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the year next to the Christmas article, and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Mandela knew about this article of competition, but he avoided a lot of it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Aschuan, who ran a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children with learning differences were progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the kinds of exercises with music, and the kids followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a life police disability that required support compassionate forms and spaces in the course of the entire life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable to them.
And fundamentally, Apollom saw autism as a diverse continuum that was carrying a surprising variety of done and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been -- seeing aspects of this continuity in architects known in pop culture as the social scientist and the designer professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Larry and Judai found that Kanzi was wrong with autism was an indigenous, as well as parents were causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Postua to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called authoritarian spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into a video, replacing the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and including Apple.
These changes didn't fall on a broken steel.
Unfortunately, when Larry and Judy worked between paradigms to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before he came out "Raise Man in 1988, just a little circle, I was held by experts knew what autism was, but after the understanding of Doug Homo performance like Rambard Bobby and the recognition of "Raise Man: Park, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials that were easy to use to diagnose autism.
I didn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Rain Man: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnoses started to show, just as they predicted Larry and Judyard, in fact they were hoping that it was, making people with autism and their families finally had the support and services that were designed.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for increase in diagnosis. A simple, powerful and submarine history of credible history as bad as Kanzi theory was an indigenous.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in eight children in the U.S. are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by new medical advances -- following the term neurological to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily available, biologically social.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Aschuance, who believed that the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zaga Zalans once said, "We need all the hands in cover to understand the boat of humanity."
As we navigate to the uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
